A bedroom with double doors has a mounted television.
Someone is playing a video game standing up.
A dark room with a big monitor on the wall.
An empty bed with the covers half-turned down in front of an empty window.
Two people lounging in a living room on chairs.
A living room with a white chair and desk.
A cat sitting on a laptop that is sitting on a desk
A small cat sitting on the floor while staring at the TV screen. 
A living area with a christmas tree in it
A chair sitting in front of a brown desk.
A book sits open on the office desk next to a laptop.
a man eating a burrito in front of a powered on television.
Two people smiling and standing while playing a wii game.
A small living room full of boxes and toys.
A cell phone sitting on a laptop in front of a TV.
A room cluttered with various items, including a monitor and printer. 
a light a television set a desk a mouse and wires
a living room with a couch and chair sitting next to a tv
White and black area rug in furnished living area.
a living room with a large screen television.
there is a room with a fire place in it 
a woman standing in front of a tv playing wii bowling
A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers.
Living room with a couch, two chairs, book shelves and a tv
people learning how to sheer a sheep's coat
there is a man and a woman that are playing a video game
The woman is straightening the pants of a small child.
a cat stares at a television with the earth on it 
A clean old fashioned living room in a country house
A man and a woman holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
There is a cat next to the computer screen.
Two dogs laying down on the floor in the living room while looking outside.
Small computer area with a small wooden desk. 
A box with a picture of a television and its set on it.
A stack of cds and dvds is against a computer monitor and a microphone
A few people are having fun while playing their Wii. 
Some people at an event near a video game display.
The cluttered room with large flat screen television. 
A living room is shown with a dresser and couches.
A man standing very close to a television in a living room.
A white Macintosh computer monitor and keyboard setup.
A desk containing 4 computer mice and a keyboard
A cat laying on a desk next to a keyboard.
a desk with a laptop a monitor and a mouse
A woman carrying a pizza on a plate 
A view of a modern apartment dwelling and it's furnishings.
A photo of someone's room with a desk, computer and television.
Black and white photo of a living room with book shelves
Some people are playing mario kart for the wii.
a big show room of different colored motorcycles
Remote controls that work for the home theater system.
A living area with chairs, sofa and a television.
A desktop computer with a monitor on top of it.
A television set is on in a living room area that features a gray couch, an area rug, a futon and a small table with a lamp.
A cup of white noodles sits by a key board.
A young man playing bowling on the Wii, also has a shot in hand. 
The cat is laying on top of the television in the room.
A desktop with its monitor turned off on a table. 
A living room with carpeted flooring and tan walls. 
A small living room area with black furniture and curtains.
Black dog walking into a living room while staring at the camera.
A waiting room area with several chairs against the wall
A computer that is sitting on a bed.
Food on a plate beside coffee and cigarettes. 
A room has an old television set and a grand piano in it.
Decorated living room area with couches and plenty of large windows.
A living room with a cabinet, television, and a potted plant.
a girl is sitting in a chair looking at a computer screen
A computer and a laptop are on a computer desk.
A man is standing in a room in a batting position.
A man holding an umbrella in a retail store.
a lady in a office looking at a computer
A neatly kept Asian style room with flatscreen TV
a person siting in a living room on a couch 
A desk has two computer monitors, a cell phone, mouse, laptop, and keyboard on it. 
A bedroom with one bed, a small television on a set of drawers and two chairs and a small table.
A cat looks at a dog that is on tv.
A bathroom with a shower stall, sink, and the door open.
A person, whose feet are visible, is changing the TV channel.
Desk computer with a hand controlling the mouse 
A man with a shocked look on his face getting ready for a haircut.
A white living room with the lights on.
A desk with a laptop and a desktop on it in front of a table with large chairs.
A man playing a video game on the Nintendo Wii.
An old red and white motorcycle parked on display in a building.
This the inside of a hotel room at night.
Sign on a wall saying "Don't Stop Drinking".
a close up of a person holding an xbox 360 controller
two apple desk top computers at a desk
A man and a woman holding remote controllers in front of a television.
A room that has a couch, a chair, and a flat screen t.v. 
A cat sitting in front of a television watching a hockey game.
The man in the chair is playing a video game.
The laptop is displaying many lines of text.
A cluttered desk with a red lamp and TV on top of it.
Two women playing wii tennis in front of a television.
a number of people standing near one another 
A large intersection of roads in a city.
a mans reflection in a mirror while a couple are on television
A wooden television stand in a living space.
A older TV on a shelf with videos on shelves on either side.
Little oriental girl in a pink top and white bottom stands next to TV.
There are multiple pieces of furniture in a living room.
A very clean living room with the TV on.
A man sitting on a chair playing video games
The dining room table is in the kitchen with a tv above it.
A man sitting on a couch with a laptop in a living room.
Ladies in a doughnut shop looking for a treat. 
a room with a screen and a grey couch
A small white bunny standing in the middle of a living room.
There are three computers on the desk all on at the same time.
A busy desk with three computers running simultaneously.
A cat sits on the top of a computer desk.
a small desk with a keyboard a monitor and a drink
Three young boys sitting in front of several televisions.
THERE IS A DESK TOP COMPUTER ON THE TABLE 
A den with some chairs, a couch and a television.
a man enjoying a game of wii bowling 
a bright white room where all furniture is white
A sitting on a chair in front of a television.
an image of a living room set with vase
Two girls and a guy playing with a Wii.
A man standing in front of his tv.
a desk with a monitor a keyboard and mouse
A man is blowing out candles which are on a cake.
The lap top keyboard light-up feature makes the keys easier to see.
A sun filled living room decorated in a modern style
The desk is full of computers, paperwork, and books.  
A living room area with tile flooring and a man sitting int he middle of the room on a chair with a remote control in his hand, while looking at a television.
The room has a closet with many clothes hanging up.
A little girl standing holding a toy watching television.
A living room with a bookshelf and television is pictured.
This is a conference room with a lot of laptops
A laptop computer on a desk next to a desktop computer.
A spacious living room with a television,sofa, table and other things
A television and a dog on a couch in a room.
Living room with white carpet and various furniture.
A couple of people standing in front of a TV.
A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.
A toddler sitting between two large stuff animals.
Some people gathered together in a living room.
A woman choosing her avatar for WIISports game.
A cluttered living room is shown with the TV on.
A person controlling a mouse at a computer.
A small tv is shown on a mantle with MASH playing.
A living room with a backpack and handbag on the sofa.
The man's cellphone is on the table while he is talking.
A living room complete with a couch, chair and a television.
a small living room with a couch, window and television
An elegant living room with a mountainous view.
The television has been mounted on an orange wall.
A couch, a lamp, and a TV in an upstairs room.
a fire hydrant with a computer monitor broken on top of it
A living room has a large fireplace with decorative tiles.
A large computer sitting on a desk near a smaller computer
A computer, papers, pens and other electronics are on a desk.
A cat looking at a television near a door.
A living room with a couch, coffee table and a television in it.
A studio apartment with sofa, bed, coffee table and television.
A cat looking at a picture of deers on a laptop screen
A stuffed monkey on a computer desk with two computers.
A small television is on in a room
People standing around a table with several boxes of donuts.
A room that has two people sleeping in a bed together and another bed on the other side of the room and a person at a desk and computer.
The T.V. is on in an empty dorm room.  
The spaceous living room has hard wood floors.
A computer desk has two computers sitting on it.
A small bedroom with a bed and TV in it.
A panorama of a busy asian city street.
Flat screen television on top of an old tv console
The office space is efficient with a wraparound counter whose corner has a tuckaway keyboard. 
A classy living room combines neat and tidy with shiny tables.
a cat standing very close to a tv 
A man sitting on a couch on his laptop.
A television is on the ceiling of a bus.
A computer desk is illuminated with a desk lamp.
A variety of furniture sits scattered in a storage facility. 
Young women gazing pensively left while sitting in a restaurant.
A person in costume waiting in a backstage area.
Man in suit talking while being watched by a man in jeans.
A table with a laptop computer and three additional monitors.
A flat screen tv and a laptop on a desk 
A neon ATM machine located beside a soda machine.
A living area with sofa, chairs and multiple lamps.
A picture of someone holding a Wii remote controller.
A person is playing a game of virtual bowling.
a old man playing the wii game in his living room 
A computer desk with a monitor, phone, and laptop on top of it.
A computer,key board,cell phones and other electronic gadgets are on the table.
An editing studio inside of a room with a lot of electronics.
A dated kitchen is in need of some upgrades.
A picture of a living room with a TV over a fireplace.
A person sits at a desk of an elegant study. 
two chairs a laptop and a television set
Woman and children blow out candle placed in middle of tarts
A picture of a large living room with a large fireplace.
An urban ad featuring tennis player Roger Federer.
A living room with a large stone fireplace and a Television.
A girl holds up a broken cell phone.
A man sits in a chair and watches another person play with a Nintendo Wii.
A den with large windows, chairs, a couch, table and a television.
Two laptops are on the floor near a television.
Three sitting couches circling a fireplace on a hard wood floor.
electrical placed on a wooden table and with wallpaper
The young people are are playing a video game.
an image of group of people in a meeting
A trio of computer monitors on stacks of books on a desk.
A large computer monitor sitting on top of a computer desk.
a guy playing a bowling game on the Wii system 
People gathered in the living room of a house.
Couches are arranged around a TV in a living room. 
Several laptops, a monitor and a keyboard sit on a white table.
a young child stands in front of a tv playing nintendo wii
Two people play a video game on a projection TV.
A cat sitting under an open umbrella, in front of a window.
Pair of dogs watching television in living area of home.
A large hotel room with two full beds. 
The 2013 Innovations International CES is showcasing the latest electronics and appliances.
There are computers and telephones on a desk.
An office workspace with a desk covered with many papers.
A man standing in front of a table with a  computer on it.;
A beautiful living room with sofas in the center of the room. 
two urinals in a public bathroom with a television above them
A laptop computer screen with a tv in the background.
a man is smiling and giving thumbs up to a pizza topped with fries
Several people mingling at a gathering in a room with large windows and couches.
A wooden table surrounded by wooden chairs on hard wood floors.
a girl wearing head phones standing in front of a laptop
A sparsely furnished living room with big screen television
A color opposed photo of a desktop computer.
A computer set up on top of a wooden desk.
A living area with windows, fan and shelves.
A close up of a small white dog watching tv
The computer desk has two laptops, two monitors, and a leather chair.
a group of people holding game controllers in front of a television
a lady that is carrying some kind of computer
A man is on a computer that is connected to a TV.
A stop sign across the street from a yoga studio.
A painting is displayed next to a chair in a room.
A computer and telephone equipment in a conference room.
A small laptop computer and a computer monitor sitting on a desk.
A living room consisting of a TV, a fireplace, a couch, a reclining char, an end table, and a small table.
A inside view of a computer terminal is seen.
a room with a bed and a wooden capboard
A large group of people in airport next to a baggage claim.
a split photo of the inside of some houses
there is a bottle of wine next to a glass 
Two young men walking past a projection screen.
A variety of items are shown on the top of a desk.
Cat on tile floor watching TV with show of man in kitchen.
People are playing a video game while standing.
a big television sits on top of an entertainment center 
A dog is standing on a white couch
two girls play video games on a flat screen tv.
A desktop and laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.
A TV sitting at the end of a bed in a room.
There is a television in a living room on a wall.
A brightly lit living room with a lit up fireplace.
A IMAGE OF A BED ROOM WITH CHAIRS AND BOOK PACK
Cabinets are shown in a plain kitchen lit up
A group of people are playing Wii together.
Two chairs and a couch sitting in a living room with a fireplace and a lot of windows.
a cat looking at a computer monitor with a light on behind the monitor
office space with computer, second monitor and books
A Star Trek bear sitting next to a monitor.
Let's dress in all white and play Wii in public!
A doll house bed room with a girl doll on bed.
two people in a boat in a body of water 
Workers busy making donuts in a commercial bakery
A cat looking down with a television in the background
The woman sits on a chair using a laptop in the cluttered room. 
A person is holding a remote to change the channel
A decorated living room with a television and couches.
a man stands in front of a television using a wii remote 
A computer desk that is very cluttered and disorganized.
Three televisions are in the wall across from a brown couch decorated with lots of pillows..
Several men waiting on their luggage at the airport.
Person in jeans and painted toe nails in a hotel room, sitting on the bed. 
A room that has a red wall one one side with a fireplace and a window on the next wall with a ladder leaning against it.
A person holding a cell phone near a man sitting at a desk working on a computer. 
A bedroom with tables, lamps, and a bed.
A young child is throwing a top hat.
Computer desk with a monitor on top of it and office supplies around it. 
A computer setup featuring 3 monitors and a printer.
Two computer screens have the same image of a baby in a hat. 
Looking out the window past a modern office desk 
A cat is sinning on a television below a clock.
a large television with many tall speakers next to it
A living room with white couches, coffee table and fireplace
a photo of a man wearing a tie with a tv monitor in front of him
The desk is set up with multiple computers. 
A living room with tv and many tapes 
Man doing construction work on indoor wooden floor. 
a group of people that are eating some food
A desktop computer sitting on top of an office desk.
A living room filled with a wooden table and a brown couch.
A bathroom with double sinks and tiled bathtub
Two cats are napping on a computer desk.
a couple of guys that are standing up with a wii remote
a living room with two big couches and green chairs 
A living room with a little girl on a couch 
Two decorated military officers jointly cutting a ceremonial cake.
A living room with the curtains drawn and the lights dimmed.
A television plays in orange, dimly lit room
A young woman reading a book in front of a bookcase next to some suitcases.
A lamp, couch, table and television in a living room.
Audience members look upon the stage in an elegantly decorated venue.
Various people are acknowledging life and having an unfathomable moment. 

A woman pushing some suitcases in a building.
A black truck sitting on top of a show room floor.
A modern style kitchen with a beautiful wood finish. 
A woman with a microphone looking at a cow in a livestock trailer.
A very big nice looking kitchen and a living room.
A glass desk with monitor, keyboard and laptop.
a black laop is sitting on a table
A group of people in a room with remotes.
a room with a Tv screen and a fire  place
A den with a couch, statue head and television.
this desk top computer has a yoshi doll on it
A living room holds an orange couch, a fireplace, several small tables and a chair in it.
A man holding a donut and a cup of liquid
A television is on the beach near the ocean.
A wood burning stove, television and couch in a living room.
Two monitors sit on an organized desk area
a nice looking piano with sheet music on it
a person looking at a tablet and a baby looking at the tv
A group of people sitting around a TV screen.
A computer monitor is displaying a menu of options.
The bedroom looks like a tornado struck it.
Trunk and small chest in cream colored room.
A living room setting with a large glass window that looks outdoors. 
A room filled with a TV next to a piano.
A grey and white striped cat sitting on a chair cushion on a wooden chair. 
A structure with a large clock on the top. 
a room with a chair and a television
a black gray and white cat a keyboard a monitor and a desk
A young boy lying on the floor under a blanket playing a game.
A very nice looking work station with some flowers.
Two men are playing a game in a conference room.
A corner desk with a computer by a bright window.
A loveseat next to tall windows with a courtyard view.
A man and dog sit on a couch in a home.
The entertainment center has many electronics underneath the television.
Kitchen area with television on small shelf unit.
A large flat screen TV sitting on an entertainment center.
A living room area with glass windows along one wall.
Two people are playing a computer video game.
There is an old TV in the middle of a swamp
A young man holding up a camera in the living room while three others watch.
A man eating a bagel pizza off off a plate.
A living room filled with furniture and two windows.
A small office with a desk and book shelves
A living area with various computers, televisions and a closet.
A television is sitting on a stand in a living room.
a living room with some couches and a dinning table 
Two girls wrapping presents on a living room floor. 
A desk with a computer and laptop and a black chair.
A laptop computer is sitting on top of a desk.
a room showing a very large window and a vase of flowers
A bunch of monitors that are sitting on a desk.
A cat sitting on top of a table in front of a mirror.
Pizza and beer side by side on a table. 
An open concept living room and kitchen in a house.
A small toddler, wearing a yellow bib, is investigating a laptop.
A desk with a monitor, keyboard, and various other objects on it.
a living room with furniture in low lighting
A fan is featured in a yellow room. 
A table that is sitting in front of a couch.
Four people in a room talking with each other with a woman outside the room with her hand up to her mouth.
A desktop computer with a stuffed animal turtle on top.
The little boy is playing with the remote
Office workers have fun with donuts and sprinkles.
a couple of kids that are playing the wii
The flat screen television sits on top of an entertain center.
Furry Himalayan cat with Siamese markings sitting on the corner of a computer desk.
Two people standing in front of a backdrop in a movie studio.
a person standing near a desk with many laptops
a dog laying in front of a boy playing a video game
a man standing in a living room with a fire place and a wall mounted flat screen television.
a brown desk a chair a keyboard printer and monitor
a mostly white living room with colorful books on a shelf 
A cat sleeping amongst some computers at a work station.
A man petting a cat laying on a shelf
A man holding open a case of pastries
skinny woman plays wii in front room with guests
A black television and a white computer monitor and keyboard on a desk.
cell phones and a remote tied up together
A home desk has a computer, lamp, and knick-knacks.
This is a picture of a cat standing near a toilet.
A small computer desk with electronics on it
A persons feet resting on a desk either side of an open laptop with a second screen behind it, two desk lamps and some books
a laptop and keyboard on some kind of desk
A den with a woman watching television with a child.
A bed above a desk with a computer
someone propping their feet up on a computer desk.
Two men play a game together using the Nintendo Wii gaming system. 
A young woman sits at a computer in an office.
A modern living room with couches, television, and a bookcase.
A TV sitting in front of a colorful keyboard.
a man sitting on the floor with snacks watching the tv 
An office desk with a flat screen monitor, keyboard, mouse, and a large CPU on the desktop.
A living room area features a corner fireplace, a love seat, windows and lamps.
A cat is watching a bird on television.
a ball is next to a wood desk
people walking around downtown new york, new york
A group of people stand around a birthday cake with candles singing happy birthday.
a living room with a couch pillows a table and some books
A small boy standing and playing a video game.
many bananas hanging from a ceiling in a living room
The people are using their computers in the dark. 
Stuffed animals sit on top of bookshelves in a library.
A man in a hotel room is sitting at the end of the bed.
A calculator on a desk and a laptop computer and desktop. 
Every computer techie deserves a corner of his own.
Sunlight streams in the window of a living room. 
The black cat is sitting in front of the television set. 
A couple walking under one umbrella in the rain.
A row of laptop computers sitting on a long desk.
the desk has a television on it with speakers
A living room is fitted with a large couch, fireplace, some lamps, and a TV.
A computer monitor sits upon a make-shift desk in a cluttered room.
a kid smiling nest to a cake on the counter 
A bed in a bedroom with a wicker desk and a TV.
A television in the back office of a building.
A pretty young girl holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
A large bean bag bed is sitting in a bedroom
a person is jumping off of a bed
A child standing in a living room facing a television.
A living room wall with television, small shelves and a gas heater..
A room with a bed next to a window with a TV above it.
some people standing together while eating and holding some pizza 
Two men stand in a living room playing a tennis video game.
Desktop metal artwork depicting a person riding a bicycle.
Small computer station holding a white computer. 
A person laying in bed holding an open book.
A very large man wearing a blue shirt pulling something out of an oven. 
A person in a suit and tie on a television screen. 
a couple of different kinds of computers are next to each other
The man is watching television in the living room. 
Two kids standing in front of tv playing a game on the Wii
a person in a military uniform sitting at a desk in a tent.
A laptop and a cat on a desk.
a kitchen with a fridge and a oven 
a living room with a ton of furniture and chairs.
This room contains a couch, a chair, a glass table with chairs and a flat screen television on top of a entertainment center.
a living room filled with couches chairs and a water cooler sitting on a hard wood floor
A hotel room with king bed and a TV on a dresser.
A large room with a fire place and a couch.
The giant statue in the mall is there for everyone to see
A teddy bear wearing a crown sitting on a couch.
A child plays in a living room filled with baby toys.
A clean, decorated bedroom is pictured in this image.
A pole that has a clock on the top of it.
A motorized cart piled to the ceiling with luggage at the baggage claim.
A group of people around a lit Christmas tree
A half full mug next to a light up keyboard.
A picture has been altered with text for notations
there are two men in this picture one is looking to the projector screen.
A lady sitting on a couch using a laptop in a living room.
A kitchen room with a lady by the refrigerator and a man seated at a table.
The large couch is in the shape of a semi-circle in the living room.
A picture of a very clean living room.
The living room is rather sparsely furnished, but has electronics, magazines, a gold fish bowl and slippers.
An armoire is open to reveal a TV.
A table with four computers on top, three of which are laptops
A woman and teddy bear are sitting in chairs.
A cat that is sitting on some cushions.
A grey and white cat on a desk next to a desktop computer.
Four people are gathered together drinking wine. 
THERE IS PHOTO OF A LIVING ROOM WITH FURINTURE 
A man holding up a banana in an office 
A young child enjoying a video game in a living room.
Long couch in the corner of the room sits in front of two window
There are bananas placed on a table in front of a restaurant.
A computer setup has a desktop, laptop, and smartphone
Twho chairs and a table at the end of a room
A man leans against his desk in a cluttered cubicle. 
a person in a class room setting with his arms up
View of living room furniture placed around room with view of tv.
A man is playing a display of a video game.
a living room with a tv, couch, and table
An empty kitchen with a computer monitor and laptop sitting on a counter. 
A computer desk laden with various stuffed animals
A man is typing near a desk cluttered with electronics.
A group of people seated and holding remotes with a tv monitor at the front
A man is taking a bite out of a pizza. 
A home media center with various modern components.
Hand on the keyboard of a laptop not turned on yet.
A teddy bear riding a tiny toy motorcycle.
There is a desktop computer sitting on a desk.
Two girls and a boy playing a video game.
a desk with a book and a computer on it 
a white pot with a plant in it on a table
A computer sitting on top of a desk.
There are several items on the desk with the keyboard.
A man sitting at a table with a cake in front of him.
A desk with a computer next to a television.
Red tabby cat sitting on a desk between computer monitors.
A couple of couches in a large room.
Cat on hind legs trying to get at the cat on the screen.

A desk area with two monitors, and lap top.
A man sits on a couch in a sitting room with coffee table with an open laptop on it.
A PC computer with a color monitor that has stickers around the outside of it and a wire tray as the keyboard holder.
A woman is pulling a green rolling suitcase.
Two people are hugging in a classroom setting.
There is an animal sitting on a bed in the middle of a bedroom.
A person sits in a chair in a field with a tv set.
Mac computer, tablet, and iphone sitting on a computer desk.
A picture of a laptop and a desktop computer on a desk. 
a large horse with a women petting it
A table with electronics such as a computer, cell phone, laptop and a cordless phone.
The office is equipped with all the newest equipment.
A living area with a sofa, coffee table and television.
A black and white living room has grey carpet.
A man is playing Wii Bowling on a small television.
A pristine dinning area sits adjacent to a living room.
Two laptops sit on a round desk with people nearby.
An office with a desk, bookshelves, computer, and laptop.
A pool, couch and television sitting by the side of the street.
A dining area with multiple tables and black chairs.
Closeup of a hand with a remote and a television in background.
a wooden table with a keyboard by a monitor on a stand
A bird sitting on top of a monitor that has bird drawings on it.
there is a man and a woman sitting on two couches
A carpetless living room with a nice television.
two men discussing something over there job 
a computer sitting in the corner of a room 
A laptop is connected to a computer monitor.
Two children who are playing a video game.
A man using a controller to play a video game.
some books a keyboard a mouse a desk and a monitor
A woman sits at a kitchen table watching TV.
This is a point of view shot from a TV remote with a TV in view in the background.
A television and a couch in a room.
A computer sitting on a desk with candy and drinks by it.
a guy using scissors on his computer  
A man in a restaurant jumping over a bench with his skateboard. 
A man and woman posing for a picture together
A young woman using a notebook computer watches television.
A man with a gold apron is in front of a microwave.
A room attached to a kitchen that contains a computer and a TV.
TV corner of a larger room with couch and coffee table facing TV and windows.
this is a woman playing a video game
A woman holds a Wii remote over her head. 
Boy using a laptop on a table in a living room.
A messy room with a television on in the corner
A gentleman who is pointing to the green stuff on his keyboard.
Small bathroom with a mirror, double sink, and a mounted television. 
There's a cat sitting on a table staring at a tv
two people on a blue couch a fireplace and another person is in the other room
a living room with a blue couch chairs and two people
Two people standing in the kitchen cooking food.
A group of men playing video games on a giant screen
A wooden desk office space with a functioning computer.
A room has wood floors, a big window, plants, blue walls, leather sofa and colorful accents, such as a bottle collection, books, pictures, a colorful abstract painting, an orange runner, blue, stuffed ottoman, and an orange afghan and pillows.  
A fresh dish of food sitting by an oven with pans in it.
The appliances are covered in multicolored alphabet magnets.
A class room full of students and they are on their laptops.
a desk with a laptop, computer and a rocket 
a family sits at the table looking at three laptops 
A dog sitting on a rug watching television. 
A computer that has a picture of a frowning face on it.
A clean, well-lit living room with a fireplace is pictured.
A room filled with different types of items all around.

A television screen has some cows on it.
The inside of an airplane where stewardess sit.
The orange cat is enjoying watching the tv.
A young man and woman look at a laptop.
There is a desk top computer and keyboard on a desk
A living room with a couch, table and chairs and picture hanging on the wall.
Three pieces of luggage moving along on a conveyer belt. 
a big room with a  large bed, red chairs, and a black table 
A boy bends over and places his head on a desk, near a computer
A wooden table sitting next to a red wall topped with a computer monitor.
The woman stands in front of a podium delivering a presentation.
A desktop computer next to a laptop computer.
A couple of men doing something on a laptop.
this bathroom has a jacuzzi tub and a rug on the floor
Several people gather in a room standing around. 
Two people are playing a remote controlled video game
The view of some one's living room in their home.
A red and yellow train on a track near a platform.
A closeup of a keyboard on a desk 
Two beds in a bedroom with a television set. 
A person lying on a a couch under a red blanket.
The man is going to the door to let his date in.
A rabbit is sitting on a floor by a television.
Someones living room with an extensive library. 
A young man is having a lunch break in the office. 
A clean and modern living room with a fireplace and flatscreen television.
A young boy watches a TV show in the living room.
A living area with a sofa, chair and fireplace.
A man in chefs hat holding a pie outside of an oven.
A frizzy haired cat lying on top of a laptop on a desk.
A couple of little kids in front of a TV.
A smiling man is cooking in his kitchen.
A man sitting on a horse while rubbing him and kids are rubbing him also.
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sitting on a desk.
Two large beds in a hotel room with a large window.
A view of a mouse and keyboard, with an apple computer in back.
A cat sits on a human's leg near a television.
A desk covered in electronic devices in what seems to be a lab.
Someone brought donuts to the office, and these women are both eating them.
A wide irregularly shaped room, with many built in niches and doorways, revealing portions of a bedroom and eating area, has pale pink walls, a ceiling fan, wood floors, glass doors with curtains, a long sectional sofa and  bric-a-brac.   
A group of children are playing with a game system.
A desk that has a computer and soda on it.
A group of people in a classroom are using a simulator.
A desk with a desktop computer on top and a bed at the corner
An open floor plan displays a modern kitchen, dining and living room arrangement.
Man and woman playing video game and smiling in living room
A cat sitting next to a computer on a desk.
A table with a computer and a lamp is in the corner with a leather chair in front of it and a television on a stand is to the side.
Elegant hotel room with a beautiful balcony landscape.
a nice vanity with a sink and mirror and a toilet
There are three computer screens and three phones in this room.
A group of people cutting a cake with a sword.
A kitchen has a white double doored refrigerator.
A family enjoying leisure time playing a video game.
A bedroom with a vanity and tv on a dresser 
A group sitting around a table in a bar.
A couple of people that are playing a video game.
A room with a brick wall and two computers, along with various other items on a desk
a bed room with a tv and a bed 
A TV sitting next to a computer sitting on top of a desk.
A great room including the kitchen, dining and family areas.
A desktop computer with a grassy field background
A man lays on his bed watching the Avengers on TV.
An Orioles baseball player in a crowd scene on television.
A woman playing a video game in a living room.
A living area with a television and various places to sit.
A sexy, young woman posing on a sporty bike.
A group of people playing a game with some remote controllers.
A dog sitting on a computer chair looking at the camera.
An aerial view of an office, showing three people at work.
A living room with a couch, TV, speaker system, bookshelf, and coffee table. 
A black cat sleeping on a desk next to a computer monitor.
Various electronics on a desk wired into a computer terminal
a young bot with no shirt on and a tie 
a male and a female some tv game controllers and a television
Three young men are standing in front of a screen
a small desk with a laptop and a monitor
A trainer is giving a video presentation to a class.
A big living room with windows that is dimly lit.
A black-and-white photo of an older gentleman on the computer.
The small dog is standing on the desk next to the computer.
Open room with bright colored wood flooring and furniture
Man and woman with red luggage in airport. 
A sparsely furnished living room with fireplace, television and couches is shown.
A person standing holding a blue object in their hand. 
A room that has wooden walls and a man in it.
A man standing in front of large screens while playing the Wii video game system.
Two cats playing on a bed, and one looks mad.
A well-decorated, clean living room is seen here.
a large video game located in a mall
A CAT IS SITTING IN FRONT OF THE TV WATCHING TV
Two children playing and interactive video game. 
this office also has musical equipment in it
a small dog sits in front of a television 
A TV is tuned into the local weather forecast.
A woman stands in a living room playing an interactive video game.
A home computer and a chair in a room.
The people are watching a show on television. 
An person relishing it on a good daytime

A person's foot is visible in front of a television.
A woman brushing her teeth with a big tooth brush
A living room with furniture in it, including a black couch and sofa table, shelf and TV
a small boy in a gray shirt is putting toppings on a pizza
A living room has a black sofa and a television.
A young fellow with black glasses is biting his box. 
Two computer monitors sit in an office cubicle.
Two men with wii remotes playing video games.
A man looks at the television in the corner of a small room.
A person is typing on a computer keyboard
There is a man and a woman and several dogs.
A cat is sleeping on top of a television set.
Two men in a hotel room, one playing a video game with a remote control.
Commode and computer monitor next to junk pile.
A office desk with a computer monitor and a cellphone on it.
A ROOM ON THE BEACH SHORE WITH A PIANO
A television is shown in the middle of a baggage claim area.
A computer screen open to someone running on video
a man with a tennis racquet serving a tennis ball
a man working on computers at a desk in his home
a bunch of computers that are on a desk
Wide angle view of a girl in a living room watching television.
The room has a couch and tv in it. 
some people sitting at a table with some laptops and a soundboard
a room with some drawers a table monitor and a lamp
a man at a bar with four bottles of wine and four glasses
Five men cut a cake at an event. 
a shelf with some flowers a vase a clock and a television
A living room with standard furnishings and a television set.
A cat sitting in front of a television screen. 
A man taking a nap on a couch in front of a flat screen TV.
A room filled with lots of clocks on it's walls.
The cat is laying on the desk by the computer screen. 
A cat sits on top of a television and reaches a paw towards the screen which is showing a sports game.
Woman cradling phone while holding small food plate.
A cluttered office with a notebook computer beside a keyboard and monitor.
a red and white bus that is parked on a track
Two people at a table looking at a computer.
A tablet computer sitting between a keyboard and a monitor.
A woman sitting and looking at a laptop in a black and white photo.
A desk with a lot of computer equipment and tangled wires.
A living area has heavily patterned walls, furniture, and rug.
A sparse living room with a tv in the corner and several arm chairs.
A man posing with a Playstation Move controller.
Living room area of home with couches and television.
Three children stand before a TV playing Wii. 
A man with long hair and a blue shirt sitting in front of a computer.
A woman standing the the entrance of a hotel room
A person cutting into a pizza with a knife as others watch.
Several computers on top of a long sectional table. 
A television on sidewalk with a sign reading "free."
a cat standing next to a dog both in front of a desk with a monitor on it.
A cat sitting on the floor in front of a computer and a desk.
This small cubicle includes a phone, keyboard, and monitor.
A man sitting in a boat with a TV.
Brightly lit large open area with piano and lounging chair.
A cat that is sitting on a table that has electronics on it.
A room with a rug, a sofa, and a small table. 
A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
A small living room with a large window and mismatched furniture and a drinking water tank.
An inside view of a studio apartment with a dog.
A cat lying on a couch near a television.
Luggage is lined up around an airport conveyor belt. 
Man lighting the candles on a chocolate frosted cake.
A projector screen with the image of a computer on it.
A cat laying on top of a tv with its paws stretched out on it .
a plate of food on a person's lap in an airline seat
A living area with sofa, couch and paintings.
A man playing WII Tennis swings his remote hard.
A rolling rack of shelves covered in media.
Living room with fireplace, couch, chair and TV.
A chair and two couches sit in a room with wood paneling
A computer set up with two large monitors on a desk
A desktop computer and two laptop computers on a corner desk.
A woman holding a child in a living area.
a table with chairs a counter with stools with large windows
a living room with book bottles a lamp and television set
Looking into a large window at a television in the corner on a wood floor.
A man stands next to a computer screen and in front of a screen on which is projected musical notes.
A man resting his legs on a desk next to a computer keyboard.
There are three computers to use them right
A living area with couches, television and fans.
Two men play a video game while posing for a picture.
A group of military personnel cutting into celebratory cakes
a couple of cats that are in front of a t.v.
An office cubicle with a desk, a laptop and desktop computers.
A man leaning in to see the laptop he is using
A large bedroom furnished with traditional wooden furniture
Two people sit in front of a television playing a video game.
a number of people sitting and standing playing nintendo wii
A partially-built house with wooden studs and staircase in view.
A teddy bear is posed on a chair in front of a computer holding a card with hearts on it. 
A handicap zone is designated in a storage facility.
Girl airborne in the kitchen with a dog at her feet.
A teddy bear is holding the remote control next to the tv.
A woman watching an old-fashioned television in a house.
THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH A TV IN THERE 
A cat sits on top of a keyboard. 
The two computer desks each have two laptops on them. 
Living room arrangement in house with mirror on far side.
A grey tabby cat sitting on top of a CD player next to a TV monitor.
two computes in an office space. one is a lap top 
The room of the aparment is very cluttered.
A man and woman are playing a game with Wii controllers.
A little girl in a diaper hugging a doll, watching the Flintstones on TV. 
A microwave oven and a computer monitor side by side on a table.
A striped tabby cat in a necktie relaxes on a chair beside a pile of books.
A cat sitting on top of a television set that is showing a baseball game.

A person is holding a pink doughnut with sprinkles near a computer.
A television sitting on a stand with video devices.
The man is sitting down talking on his cell phone. 
A dog rests its chin on a table near a plate of icing.
a guy sitting on a sofa next to another guy wearing a box on his head
Someone is sitting on their laptop in their living room near the television. 
an office desk full of electronic equipment and paperwork
an image of a computer and keyboard 
A woman is sitting at a desk using a computer.
A person is laying down with their feet toward the television.
Workers stand in a factory with equipment and boxes around.
The computer desk has many electronics and books on it.
A women sitting at a desk talking on the phone . 
People watching a business presentation on a board.
An old television sits precariously on a stand.
an image  of two girls that are sitting in front of a tv
A home computer and desk in a room.
Two men smiling while standing at a table cutting a cake. 
two people stand in front of a company display.
The desktop an laptop computers have been set together.
A living room area features a large clock over a fireplace mantle, a couch, a television screen and a large area rug.
Cafeteria scene showing dozens of people with their own individual pizza.
THERE IS A DESK WITH CHAIRS IN IT 
A wooden computer desk with a computer sitting on top of it.
A person in a living room pointing an object at a TV.
A gray cat sitting on someones legs as they watch tv
A hotel room with white sheets and modern decoration is lit by sunlight.
A room that has a flat screen television in it.
A set of headphones sits on a notebook at a computer desk.
A television shows a picture of a baby in a mirror.
A dog at the entrance of a cluttered living room.
A desk with multiple computer screens forming one large screen.
A livign area with music mixing equipment and a desk.
A cubicle has a computer with two monitors on the desk.
A desk with two computer monitors and a wired keyboard and mouse.

A young man gives a presentation for his colleagues
two men standing in front of a screen with an audience in the background
A view of a living room from across the room, there are bikes everywhere.
a living room with hardwood floors, red couch and fireplace
This is a television, dvd player and VCR on a stand. 
A boy dressed in a striped shirt and tie sits at a table next to festive paper plates.
A woman is cutting limes on a cutting board.
A cat watching two penguins on television and reaching out its paw.
Two men are in the middle of a class room, one is sitting on the side of a table while the other stands.
A room contains yellow furniture and a bar. 
A living room with a fire place and brown couch and tv
A living room with a rocking chair next to a fireplace.
The television is on in the living room.
A modern living room with some light shining in.
A little child wearing blue holds a pair of yellow scissors and some paper.
a semi private area of an airplane with a television
A few people are sitting aroudn a TV playing a video game.
A picture taken from the peephole of someone's apartment.
A chair faces a tv on the sidewalk.
Young man using a Nintendo wii remote to access a game.
A man in a shamrock hat is playing a video game.
An old movie being shown on a big screen TV.
Wood is stockpiled in the living room beside the fireplace. 
A man next to a computer monitor that has his game character on screen.
The dining room is clean and empty of people. 
A bedroom in an apartment in a skyscraper.
This room is furnished with a couch, bicycle, desk, chairs, coffee table, keyboard, and projector screen.
A hotel room with two beds with luggage on one of them.
a laptop that is on a desk with many other things
A game displayed on the screen of an entertainment system.
A computer desk is full of office equipment.
A green couch in a living room next to a twin bed under a mirror.
A tiger cat standing on top of a cat scratching post.
A close up of a black cat sitting on top of a television. 
A messy living room with a couch, a table, and a tv.
People eating lunch in a community center lean back in their chairs to greet the photographer.
some kids are playing video games on a television
A desk with a laptop and a desk top.
A computer desk topped with electronics devices and a computer.
A television with video devices, movies and speakers.
A person's reflection in a small mirror in a small sleeping area.
A older kitchen with a older tv turned on.
A family celebrating with gifts and a fancy cake
A person's legs and feet up on a computer desk by the keyboard.
a small area with a table and chair computer with a nice view out the window
A small dog sleeps in a basket on a computer desk.
A clock over a couch in a room with hardwood floors.
A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.
A gray cat sitting on a desk by a computer monitor.
A woman in denim pants kneeling by a fish tank
A teddy bear is perched against a computer monitor screen.
A little boy playing a video game while another boy is on a laptop.
A living room with sofa, chairs, television and fireplaces.
White desktop computer sitting in the middle of a room. 
a purple blanket sittin on the corner of the couch 
A family is playing a game in a living room.
A group of people meet in a room.
a person sitting in a chair using a cell phone 
A pear shape chocalet cake with frostering being used as ribbons.
A cat laying on top of a notebook in front of a computer.
A man is playing Wii in his office.
The computer desk has books, a cell phone, and pictures on the cubicle walls. 
A man in a blue shirt sits in his office chair.
one laptop two monitors two keyboards and two mice
A cat lazily sits in the middle of a cluttered desk.
A brown couch sitting next to a red book shelf.
A man and a woman both stare at a television set.
There is a TV near the couch and chairs.
A young man working on a laptop while smoking as a lady watches on.
A person lying on a bed in a large room filled with furniture.
an image of a man playing a video game
A keyboard, mouse and computer monitor on a desk with a laptop.
a table with two computers and a camera on it 
A small room with a TV, a chair and a table.
An electronic gadget connected to a keyboard and wireless mouse. 
A man who is playing a video game.
a desk topped with multple computer monitors with the same screensaver
there is a red couch and a small book case in this living room
a bed room with two beds a tv and a desk
A bedroom with an air conditioner and tv in it
Three white computers sitting on a desktop surface.
A home desk set up with telephone, two monitors, laptop and sound
Four stainless steel refrigeration units are sitting against the wall.
The cutting area of a sewing room containing scraps of fabric
A contempo living arrangement includes plastic seating and a low profile lounge.
a blurry picture of a man on a coach
A person laying on a bed and a television.
a food shop with some doughnuts on display 
A group of people in a living room sitting on the couch talking.
The rec room at a company is next to the conference room.  
remote control in foreground with entertainment center in background
a person sitting on a chair using a laptop in an open room
A black and white photo of a tv is shown.
A room has a bed, television, and skylights in it.
I group of people are standing around a young woman with a cake.
A TV sitting on top of a heater in a room.
A cats eyes are glowing yellow as its laying on the television. 
A dog wearing a tie poses for the camera. 
A cluttered desk with various electronics placed in front of a monitor.
A little boy stands at a counter watching pizza be made.
a kitchen with a stove a sink and a refrigerator
A laptop sits next to a computer monitor on a desk. 
Mosaic of multiple photos of indoor gathering and food items.
a small kid with a nerf bat in his hand 
a work desk with papers a computer keyboard and mouse
Shell fuel pumps are made to be easy to use
an apple desk top sitting on top of a desk 
A man and a woman playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
a living room with a green chair and a television on a dresser
a box of food is in front of a television 
A person holding a laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
A person sitting at a desk typing on a keyboard in front of a laptop.
A cat is sitting on the floor and watching television. 
A person using their desktop to play a racing game.
A couch, coffee table, lamp, television and clock.
a view of the back of a persons head siting at a computer
Picture of a nice bedroom overlooking some trees
A man with long hear standing in front of a building.
A man playing Wii sports tennis on a small television.
A group of people playing video games next to a library.
A desk and entertainment area with multiple monitors, speakers, and consoles has many cords.
A shot of a couch near a table and a small flower vase. 
A group of people sitting around eating food.
A bearded man with glasses on two computers.
a fireplace a red couch two chairs and some lights
A man and a woman are sitting at a booth with their computers.
The man smokes a cigarette while holding a pink snowman stuffed toy.
The two women are playing the video game together.
There is a Christmas tree in a living room.
A living area with a couch and a television.
a person relaxing with their ankles crossed at a desk
A man is folding a garment to pack into a suitcase.
Three computer screens sit atop a wooden desk.
A television sits above a fireplace in a living room.
The interior of a modern apartment with white and beige furniture.
A computer on a desk next to a window
A bedroom furnished with a bed and tv on tv stand.
there is a control being held in front of a television
very many computer monitors in a room not well arranged
Man taking a photo of himself standing in front of a television. 
A picture of a guy on a gas station pump area.
People standing at display with computers and a television.
The room has lots of items on every surface.
A woman holding a camera in front of a pair of desks.
A computer is open with the screen showing pictures.
Man standing up playing a video game on a TV.
A hotel view with flat screen tv and illumination
Two computers are shown together on a desk.
Two men in a living room playing games
The large black cat sits next to the wireless computer mouse.
THIS IS A CLOSE UP PICTURE OF A KEYBOARD AND EAR PIECES
A computer mouse and keyboard and monitor. 

A man with a beard with his head turned sitting down.
A tiny bed occupies a white narrow bedroom.
A cat sitting in front of tv on a shelf.
a family in the living room playing with a wii video game 
The living room has been furnished with large couches.
A desk with keyboard, Xbox controller and multiple glasses.
A desk with a desk top and laptop computer
a kitchen with a icebox an d a coumputer screen in it
A busy city street bright with lights at night
there is a desk top and a lap top on this desk
A man is playing a Wii golf game.
A grey and white cat laying on a piece of paper.
A living room with a recliner and wall mounted tv.
Two guys play video games in the living room.
a close up of a person sitting on a chair holding a nintendo wii remote 
A home setup for a cable TV interview
A man sitting in front of a tv holding his hand up.
A clean bedroom with red accessories and white comforter.
A bathroom with a small TV screen next to the bathtub.
A television and a laptop on a chair.
A child plays a video game on a computer with a flat-screen monitor.
Boys and girls enjoy lunch in their classroom.
A living room with the television on a news station.
A den with red walls, a couch, chairs, table and a television.
A kitchen with a sink, oven and stove.
Two rooms with a strand of white lights strung
a black and white cat sitting on a black suitcase
An elegant bathroom has a light up mirror, marble counter tops and dual sinks.
a living room with a couch a table and a tv
Three ladies in a room and one of them is fixing a clock.
The inside view of a very clean, smartly decorated living room.
THERE IS A TV AND A ROOM WITH CHAIRS AND COUCHES 
A man stands with a pile of CRT monitors and televisions.
A living room with an entertainment center, china cabinet, and lounge chair.
A laptop computer and a computer monitor sit on a wooden table.
in this living room there is a tv and a couch
Two men who are holding video game controllers.
A couch next to a bed, table and a television.
It appears to be a very nice day outside.
The cat is playing with the lap top from behind.
A room with a bed, dresser, desk, television and a very wide window.
A person working with a mouse and keyboard on a computer
A bag that is sitting on a bed.
A laptop and a desktop computer sit on a desk.
An Asian woman wearing a grass skirt and a fruit bra.
A dog peaking his head up from laying on the couch in the living room.
Man playing game on screen with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A small, warmly-lit living room holds a large TV which a smiling man is turned to look at.
A laptop right next to a small computer
A baby is resting in a stroller amongst an untidy room with a Christmas tree.
Two professionals in scrubs are looking at a file.
A stuffed animal bear with head phones at a desk.
A woman in a pink sweater at an office desk with computer and business paperwork.
A group of people sitting around a white table.
A group of uniformed men cutting a cake with a sword.
A man is sitting on a chair with a laptop.
Some people at a table in a big library.
Black and white photograph of a cabin bed room in the woods
A cat watching tv in a room in a house.
A room with three chairs, a table and a couch on it. 
A person looking out the window of their loft.
A computer desk topped with a camera and a computer.
A large bedroom with dresser and bed 
A plane window is shown with a tv in the seat.
people in scrubs sit in front of large equipment in a hallway
a desk filled with different computer equipment. 
A pile of televisions sets are on the sidewalk and they have slogan written on them.
Two women playing a game on a wii.
an  image of a two large monitors in a computer center
Allot of colorful luggage and people waiting to leave. 
A television near a laptop computer on a chair.
Dogs sitting together on sheets on a bed.
A desk with shortwave radio, computer system and papers. 
A cluttered living room with sofa and a chair.
A living room is seen with a soccer game on the television.
A table that has items on it in a living room.
The laptop is across the room from a television with stereo speakers beside it.
A laptop sitting on a bed near a picture of Bob Marley.
A living room that has  a lit fireplace.
Two people sit at a wooden table while using laptops
Bright sunlight shining through a colorful window curtain.
A desk which has two computer screens and a laptop, as well as other gadgets. 
A group of computers sit on top of a desk.
A man flying through the air while jumping onto a bed.
A room that has large windows in it.
a desk with computer stuff on it with a phone
The couch is facing the TV in the corner.
The cat stands on the edge of a bed looking at television. 
A floor mat with a keyboard design in a classroom.
A baby in a swing in living room with television.
A group of people riding a busy with a view of the street
a person sitting at a desk with a laptop
A couple of giant computer monitors sitting on top of a table.
A home office with two monitors in front of a window.
a white desk a chair a window and a laptop
A kitchen counter is cluttered with items around the partially full kitchen sink.
The group of people are holding their cell phones together.
The table in the small apartment is set for one person.
a wooden desk with two keyboards speakers and a monitor
A man that is holding a knife and a pot with broccoli.
An old computer monitor on a night stand with the keyboard and mouse on the bed.
a person standing in front of a television and holding a game controller.
black and white cat perched beside a black and white picture
a bathroom with a television inside of it 
A view of a workspace with computer, electronics, a chair and television.
The living room kind of has a cluttered look to it.
a dog lying on a carpet and a screen on
This is an overhead view of an elegant living room.
Three different computers are displaying content in very close proximity to each other.
a retro style television set a lamp a couch pictures and curtains
A park bench with a tv on it and an umbrella next to it.
people standing in a living room watching a tv
A girl in a birthday hat in front of a cake sits on the floor.
A baby sitting inside of a saucer near a TV.
A cat laying on a computer keyboard tray near a monitor.
a big living room with a lot of brown paneling and a lot of chairs
The kid is on the bed watching the television.
The reflection of a man and a cat in a television.
A cat is watching television in the dark by itself. 
A person's desk with a computer and many books in a case behind it.
Very nice hotel room with a view of the water and mountains.
The coupe are standing up and playing video games together. 
A very big nice looking living room with some big windows.
A container vehicle stacked high with luggage and bags.
A living room with very large windows and natural light.
A couch that is in front of a television.
Two women stand while actively playing a video game.
Woman sitting on chair in room with electronic monitor and books.
Group of disinterested children sit by birthday cake and look bored.
A desk with one laptop and one computer on top of it.
A dog eating a hotdog bun from a woman in the living room
A large, clean kitchen has three bar stools and a lot of countertop area.
A man plays a video game on Nintendo Wii.
Cat sitting up on top of papers in front of the computer monitor
A living room filled with furniture and pink flamingos.
A notebook computer is set up with an additional keyboard and monitor.
Cluttered desk with a desktop computer and open laptop computer. 
a roam showing a leather couch and a fire place
A young man watching television at a desk with a laptop and a notebook.
An animation plays in the background on the TV within the living room.
A room with a  fire place in front of a TV.
A cat is sitting on a desk in between a keyboard and a monitor. 
A rider on a bicycle wearing a helmet and stopped in a crosswalk.
A remote close to the monitor screen 
a room with a table a light some chairs  and colored flags
spacious living room in a large family house
two computer displays sitting on a table with a music keyboard.
A mother and son seated on a chair watching television
A cluttered desk with open books and a CRT monitor.
Two asian girls playing video games in a party type situation.
A laptop computer next to a computer monitor and a pile of papers.
A man is holding a bottle of wine at his computer.
A black and white cat sits ina cat bed on a desk.
Two chairs are set up in the grass in front of a tv.
A young blonde child is holding something pink. 
there is a woman sitting at a table with a lap top
A computer monitor is attached to a wall near a keyboard and mouse on a desk.
A man creepily grabbing the bed infront of the tv.
a person on a desk with a large stack of something
A dog laying in a piece of black luggage.
A small living room with a brightly decorated bookshelf.
Light reflects off the water of the swimming pool and reflects into the living room through the sliding glass doors.
An office is filled with a desk, computer, printer, laptop, and chair.
A cat looks at a computer graphic with interest. 
A video game is on on the TV at the corner of the room.  
A large box sits on the floor in between the couch and coffee table.
The sink is on the island of a large kitchen.
A television that is sitting in a wooden entertainment center.
The television set is tuned into the daily news. 
a man is playing nintendo wii and four people are watching
A very nice hallway with wooden floors and wide screen tv on oak cabinet.
A corner desk with computers on it and a guitar beside it.
A woman is seen cutting a birthday cake
An elaborate computer setup containing two computers and a speaker system.
there is a small tv that is in this room
A person reading a paper and looking at a laptop computer
there are three laptops turned on and sitting on a shelf.
A large room with a decorated Christmas tree in it.
A flat screen television mounted on a wall.
A man eating pizza at the computer with his legs on the desk.
A smiling man posing in front of food at a diner
The computer is sitting on a desk with a lot of cartoon figures. 
a cat lying and watching an owl on the tv
A cozy living room with two brown couches.
There is a room with a lot of white furniture in it.
A living room filled with furniture and accessories,
A pair of smiling couples holding wine glasses.
a wooden desk with a black and silver computer 
A work desk with computers and drinks on it
An old computer with a floppy disk drive is on display.
A computer station the size of a school desk is not big enough for two computers.
Man standing on a chair looking at a computer.
A man sitting next to several pieces of luggage.
A man with cake on his face serves his friends.
A cozy living room has a chair and fireplace.
A wii remote standing upright near a mouse and a cellphone.
An organizer and desk in an home office.
A person with  cat in their lap watching a television show.
A computer sitting on top of a desk.
The man is ready to eat his hotdog and drink his coke
a neatly made white bed with folded robes in a bedroom
A woman is eating a hotdog with ketchup on it.
Three children posing with silly faces in front of a cake.
A couple of monitors sitting on a desk, with a shelf behind it.
A grey laptop on white desk next to mouse.
some stuffed animals are piled on a coach
The remote is pointed at the television set.
A couple people standing around eating slices of cake.
Modernistic couches and chairs surrounding a big-screen television.
a couple of laptops sitting on a table
two monitors three laptops a keyboard and a desk
A young lady is holding a frisbee and posing. 
a bunch of books are on shelves in a library
Living room scene, light/off white tones, brown coffee table in front of fire place, well lit, sunlight coming in from windows.
A banana smashed in a cup on a desk.
A boy is standing in a living room playing video games on a wall hung flatscreen tv.
Stylish computer desk with color bars on the display.
The living has a table where someone can do sewing on. 
A MAN IS PLAYING WII IN HIS LIVING ROOM 
A laptop and accessories on a blue bed.
An office desk with a computer turned on and a telephone and papers.
A living room with a red carpet and a fire place.
A group of men standing around a room next to a TV.
A remote is being pointed at a television
A desk that holds a clock, computer, books, lamp and knickknacks. 
A man in a hat hugging a girl and smiling.
A room in a home that has a fireplace and a flat screen television hanging over the top of the fireplace.
The computer desk has two monitors and large headphones on it.
A cat laying on top of a wooden desk under computer monitors.
Three students at computers in a small room.
a desk a keyboard two monitors papers books and a cup
Large crowd observing computer monitors with walls and floor
A somewhat cluttered living room area with white couches and a small TV. 
A giant entertainment center is too bulky for a small living room.
A keyboard equipped with a gel wrist wrest.
The young children are carrying stuffed animals and bags.
The kitchen and dining area of a house on wheels.
A nice spa area with a nice tub in the back.
A hotel room filled with furniture and a sliding glass door.
Old style computer with keyboard and mouse sitting on rug. 
Four women and one man holding wine glasses while posing for a picture. 
Two dogs sleeping on dog beds on the floor.
A desk with a large monitor and two speakers.
A computer sits on a desk next to other items.
A living area with chair, sofa and a television on dresser.
Two men holding toddlers while other people dine.
Boxes organized in a living room with a fireplace.
A room with Tv, couch, table, vase and a wall hanging
Some computer stuff and a cell phone on a desk.
A desk with a television and various remotes.
A brown surface holds a computer mouse, a laptop, a key board and a bottle of water.
A living room is shown with couches and a table.
A man driving a vehicle surrounded by different types of technology.
There is no image here to provide a caption for.
The living room  features natural oak furniture with fabrics/carpeting in brightly colored  circles and stripes
A man playing and interactive video game. 
There are electronics sitting on top of a desk.
Military men and women sitting at tables having a meal together
A cat lies in front of a tv watching a bear on screen.
Two woman are standing in front of a candy bowl and one of them is holding glass and spoon.
Two people are playing the video game while the others sit at the table
A computer and other items sit on a desk near a window.
a person laying on the floor in the living room watching tv
A television screen is mounted in the wall of the bathroom.
A beautiful blond holding a slice of pizza near her face.
A laptop is glowing brightly on the desk.
There is a desk with a TV on it and a pizza in a desk drawer.
A small boys stand in front of a TV and plays a boxing video game
The cow is standing still as a man holds her lead.
A man in orange shorts sitting on a chair. 
A living room is furnished with a television and bookcase.
There are three monitors and one laptop out on the desk.
A busy office desk holds a laptop computer and a desktop computer.
A woman uses computer equipment inside a yellow case.
A black and white cat sitting on top of a wooden table.
A group of people standing at a wooden table with a box of donuts.
a man having a good time playing a wii game
The open boxes are near luggage bags and a white couch.
a woman is sitting with some tiny building models
The living room is clean and empty of people.
People are in the living room drinking champagne. 
Several people are standing in front of TV monitors playing Wii games.
FOUR TELEVISION REMOTES KEPT SIDE BY SIDE IN FRONT OF TWO TELEVISIONS. 
A room with a window, a bookshelf full of books, a chair with a yellow and gray pillow, a tv stand with a tv and a white couch with a stripped pillow.
A young man playing a video game on a Nintendo Wii.
A cat rests in the light cast by a television screen. 
The little girl is playing video games with the older adults.
A home computer and some books on a desk.
Several tables with laptops on them and a projection screen.
Interior of a living room with furniture, plant, fireplace and a TV.
Several people gathered around a table with food.
Two men playing Wii in a room 
A pile of old outdated TVs sitting on a  sidewalk.
Kitten sitting on a blanket watching the television.
A group of people look at some tvs,
A photo of a TV set net to a wood vanity and stool with a green wall behind both.
A cat sits directly in front of a TV.
A keyboard is shown on an orange surface.
A couch and chair in a room with a television and plants.
An empty room with a couch, fireplace, and a television. 
A spotless computer desk which waits for its owner to return.
Two adult men in front of a television playing a videogame. 
Three computer monitors sitting on top of a wooden table.
a man and woman in black eating something
Shelves are stacked with dvd's by a computer desk.
A fat cat resting on top of a laptop computer.
There is a cat lounging on a bookshelf
A dog is napping on a couch in a messy room.
A white artificial Christmas tree with gifts stands in front of stained glass windows.
a bunch of different electronics all on one big pile. 
a computer is sitting on a white desk
There are three different computer screens showing the same thing.
A man that has a refrigerator leaning against him and furniture on both sides of him.
a modern looking living room with shelves and a large screen tv
a room with toys and a kid walking from it
A boy sitting at a desk with a note pad and calculator. 
A man showing another man how to play a video game.
a person is in bed and watching television
A large gathering of elderly people are sitting in a restaurant while one woman stands and addresses the crowd.
THIS IS A PHOTO OF SOMEONES PERSONAL WORK SPACE
A reality TV star being interviewed on a show.
A cement store wall and windows from outside, with advertisement posters in window; one for a television and one for a sound product.
a small living room with a recliner a chair and a sofa
Two men standing at the bottom of a set of stairs
Clutter of computers and books on a long work table.
A desk that has three computers on top of it.
a table top with some computers on top of it 
A woman with a gaming controller plays in front of a Christmas tree while another person watches.
A chair of some sort and a dog resting somewhere else.
A girl standing in front of a TV playing Wii.
An office area that has a computer and printer.
A man is standing and playing video games.
Nine televisions all lined up in an angle.
A man in a green sweater poses with his pizza and a glass of wine.
The old woman is talking on the television.
A living room with two chairs and a couch and a small room with a tv and a piano.
a bunch of bags are piled up on a belt
Three computers networked together in a work station.
A close up of a cat sitting on an open laptop on a table.
A person holding a Wii remote in their hands in front of the television
A brown and white dog sits on a chest while a black and white cat sits on the floor nearby.
A cute orange cat laying by a big bottle.
A man and woman playing a video game on their television.
A room with tall curtained windows and leather chairs.
A man drinking a drink at a table with a pizza on it.
A cat is sitting on the arm of a chair looking at a television.
The living area of the cottage is lit by the sun coming through the large windows and sliding glass doors.
Four up close pictures of a computer keyboard
A clean living room with multiple sofas and a flatscreen television.
A long, skinny living room with a pot belly stove
a striped chair and couch a television a rug and tables
A plate that has a sandwich and some fries on it.
A small room with a chair, desk, and computers on the desk.
A stack of mail on top of a desk.
A man wearing headphones with a toothbrush in his mouth.
Room with a couch, keyboard next to the double doors, and a computer chair in front of a table with a computer on it.
The kitchen has a big screen TV and a lot of counter space.
a close up of a laptop on a desk 
a red leather sofa and chair in front of a fireplace and a big screen tv
A large white living room with two brown leather sofas.
A cat sitting in front of a TV with animals on the screen.
A WOOD COMPUTER DESK AND A BLACK KEYBOARD 
A black and white cat sticks its' head in a glass.
A room with two beds, television, fireplace and walkout doors.
A living room with a black couch, desks and a beige carpet. 
An office and kids room in a living room space.
a bathroom with a tub and a mirror in it 
A green room with a small TV and a wooden coffee table.
A computer desk with multiple monitors left on.
A bus filled with little monitors displaying video.
A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.
A woman in a short skirt cutting a cake.
A laptop is sitting on the same table as three computer monitors.
A view of a bunch of passengers on a mass transit line.
A desk with a television, bowl of fruit and sunglasses.
Two men sit in a living room facing each other.
A room contains three computer screens and many colorful posters.
Young woman smoking a cigarette in her suburban kitchen
A flat screen t.v. Mounted above a fish tank.
A living room with couches, chairs and a large flat screen tv.
A home office with two computers and a bookcase
A refrigerator has multiple decorations on its doors.
A living room has a couch, tables, chairs, and a TV.
A large sandwich is sitting next to a beer.
A desk with keyboard, mouse, computer monitor and lamp.
Group of people watching TV and playing video game. 
A desk with various papers and folders on it next to a poster of a cat.
A little Asian girl holding her teddy bears.
Two women and a man are in a large room with remotes.
An office with a desk and a clock mounted on the wall above it.
a couple of people play a game in a room
A man trims a Christmas tree in a room decorated with lights.
A tv displaying geese while a cat watches.
a picture of a public bus transit tv
a television is against a wall in a room
Two people playing with an interactive gaming unit.
Objects such as a teddy bear, cell phone and junk mail sit on a desk.
Some guys that look like each other on a pretty couch.
A group of women with children sitting on a floor eating.
A person sitting at a desk with a computer.
A man sitting in front of a table holding a remote.
a couple of sofas in a large living room
A computer's boot up screen is displayed on a large TV.
A bathroom which has a telephone, sink and mirror. 
A woman walking with an umbrella with her mouth open.
An image of a nicely decorated hotel room with luggage sitting on a bench.
three children sitting at a table with a cake 
A living room with wood floors and brown couches. 
A chair and a couch in a small room.
A room with a television and a desk with a computer.
A man who is sitting at a table.
This living room has two different color couches
Expensive headphones resting between two white and black laptops.
A man is looking at the screen with two computers.
People feet resting on a table as they watch tv
A cat sitting next to a computer monitor next to a speaker.
a laptop computer a keyboard with a screen a mouse and home phone
A full beautiful view of a computer screen in a room. 
A desktop computers sitting on a desk next to a laptop.
people standing in front of wii demo stations
A bright light in a clean fancy bathroom.
Leather couches are facing a large screen television.
Three women are gathered around a hospital bed.
An unorganized desk with alcohol, a laptop, computer and a phone.
Two big black cats have taken over the desktop.
A man and woman playing a game with remote controllers.
there is a desk with two computers by the window
A living room has a dining room by a window.
Man sitting at modern desk performing official business in room.
Two women sitting in chairs playing a video game  on their flat screen TV.
a hotel room in a city with someones belongings. 
A black cat peeps up behind an old television set.
A cat standing on top of a wooden table next to a computer monitor.
As a woman watches a TV, an arm reaches out from underneath the couch toward her leg.
The large grey sofas have throw pillows on them.
A glass table with two white chairs around it.
Two desktop computers and a laptop are sitting on a desk.
A crowd of people sitting around a table eating food.
A man standing in front of a TV in a living room.
There is a desktop computer on a desk and many photos and a deer head on the wall. 
A family focused on the television while the child plays.
A man stands on a ladder to reach high on a bookshelf.
For some reason cats and kittens like to sit on computer keyboards.
a young boy standing in firefighter uniform while others watch 
A very plain room with a bed and colorful comforter.
Man pointing remote at television trying to select what to watch.
An apartment with two chairs, a coffee table and a TV.
a navy officer throwing the first pitch at a baseball game
A vase that has flowers in it on the table.
A room with furniture, a pet igloo and a television.
A living room has a slanted ceiling with exposed beams and red furniture.
A Christmas tree sits lighted in the corner of a living room.
A computer set up on a desk with three additional monitors
A Christmas tree lite up in red lights in the living room.
A sofa bed is pulled out for guests with a deer head staring down at the bed.
A black and white picture of a tv beside a window with a view of the city.
Here is a sadly decorated loft in the city.
A cat that is laying down in front of a computer on a keyboard.
Living room with television and dining table and a couch.
A woman posing for the camera while holding a cookie.
A dining table is in a small corner of a house.
A living room full and untidy with many household items.
a person holding a cell phone in a dark room
A cat sleeping on a computer keyboard. 
This living room has leather couches an a big screen TV
a woman plays wii golf in his living room
A bedroom with a computer and a doorway into the attached bathroom.
A close up picture of a samsung computer and keyboard.
A livingroom full of furniture and lime green walls
A man sits on a couch with a welcome home cheese tits sign hangs above.
Two people are playing with a Wii in a store.
Two people are playing video games on a tv
A cluttered desk holds two laptops and a desktop. 
An airport is filled with people waiting for their luggage.
A microwave on some counters in a room.
Two men looking at a piece of paper with a laptop in the background.
a small grey cat is sitting in front of the tv
A very cute boy with a funny fake mustache and tie.
a couple of cats are in front of a television
The interior of a living room with seating and a flat screen tv.
Two people playing a video game on a large television.
A couch and a television in a room.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A living room filled with books, a television and a couch.
A kitchen that has a big chrome fridge and an island.
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
A woman stands in front of a neatly made hotel bed. 
A computer desk in a room with a chair and other accessories. 
This is someones home office with a living room attached. 
A man holds his arm out toward a teddy bear in a chair in front of a television set in the desert.
The desk is near the bed in the room.
A black car with yellow eyes is lying down.
A room with a bed, TV, and furniture
A living room filled with furniture below a flat screen TV.
Two people playing a video game in their living room.
Two men are using video game remote controls.
An old fashioned television is surrounded by old toys and lunchbox.
a black cat laying on top of a television
The view of a living from from up above.
View of a modern home with an asymmetrical light wood table
A man talking on a cell phone in a crowd  plugs his other ear.
A small wooden looking style bedroom and tiny television
Children playing a video game on the tv.
A bed is placed in the middle of a room with a tv and a couch. 
A television screen showing a news broadcaster with closed captioning. 
A man and woman work on their computers.
A living room with a television set and wooden floors. 
Living room view with dog sleeping on the rug
A cat walking on a desk next to a computer. 
A kitchen with a full size window in the corner.
Red recliner and old television sit on the sidewalk
A laptop is sitting beside a desktop computer on a small desk.
a cat watching tv while laying in bed
A computer on a desk in a room.
Three mice and a tablet are on a desk. 
A man and woman are facing a screen playing Wii game
A desk with a keyboard, monitor, and laptop sitting on it. 
a person that is eating some kind of food
The TV is on in a living room with two sofas
A woman sitting on a couch hugging a dog.
A computer chair sitting in front of an office desk.
a person sits at a desk as a dog its under neath it 
A display featuring a retro designed living room. 
A person near a large screen with others at a long table.
A TV box sitting underneath a new TV on the wall.
a television desk and bed adjacent to a kitchen with fridge and stove showing
a well arranged room as an meeting room
A man in glasses is getting a fake haircut from a young girl.
an image of boy on a laptop with messy room
There is a keyboard, mouse, monitor, speaker, and phone on the desk.
A neat desk has folders and a computer.
A girl lays a video game with a mat
Black-and-white cat walking over top of a laptop. 
A living area with couches, a sofa and a fireplace.
A small office with a desktop computer and a laptop.
A man who is wearing a tie and sitting at a desk.
A room with a television set and a plaid chair
This appears to be a loft full of furniture.
Group of people all sitting at a table working on personal computers.
A well decorated living room with tables and chairs.
A hotel bathroom with a television in the mirror.
a group of people that are standing in a living room with a wii
A view of a living room with a view of the kitchen as well.
The corner of a computer monitor that is turned to the off position.
A family room with a computer and couch with one blind half open.
A desk area shows a laptop computer, a monitor, a fan and a computer mouse.
A small kitchen that is missing an appliance.
A black cat sitting in front of a TV screen.
A woman sitting at a desk in a room with a laptop, monitor, and microphone.
the laptop and other computer equipment are on the table of the dimmed room.
A man with a computer keyboard in his lap and his legs on a desk
Computers and televisions sit in a row on an office desk.
A living room filled with furniture and four large windows.
An orange and white cat peaks around a computer monitor.
a desk with four monitors a keyboard and one laptop
A man in a red and orange shirt with four cups. 
The entertainment room includes a television, instruments, game systems, and movies.
A cat watches a video playing on a computer monitor.
A monitor, keyboard, mouse and speakers on a desk.
Drinks are stored on four separate shelves in the cooler at the bar.
A group of young children standing around a tv.
The keyboard and monitor is on the table with a lot of cords.
Two boys with a sword, gun and teddy bear. 
a bunch of women are sitting together in a room
some chairs are around a small desk in a room
A TV in a living room in front of a remote control.
A display of a remote and technology product on a monitor.
Two men play a video game in a large room.
A black and white cat standing on keyboard next to a computer monitor.
A living room with floral upholstery and curtains.
A rock fireplace wall with built in television and wood receptacle
A desktop with dual monitors and other office equipment.
an entertainment center with a large television showing a space shuttle launch
There is a computer on the work desk.
A dining room has a glass table with red chairs.
a television is on a small wood stand
A computer that has two keyboards attached to it.
Someone has been living in a motel room for awhile.
a kitchen with a stove a sink and a microwave
A clean living room setting with a carpeted floor.
A cat is sitting on top of a television set. 
Person with a laptop sitting on a living room couch. 
a large office filled with computer items and papers
A computer and keyboard sitting on a desk with other accessories. 
A desk that is cluttered and has two laptop screens.
a man holds a video game controller in the air 
Neatly made beds sit in an empty room with other assorted furnishings. 
A reflection of a room in a circular mirror that has a desk with a computer and filing cabinets.
A girl who is sitting in a chair in front of a computer.
The chair has a set of patio doors behind it.
a kid in glasses puts a tie on 
Woman with an I.V. in her arm reclining in a hospital room.
The living room in the house is empty of people.
Tidy young adult male's desk and computer area.
Friends sit around a table full of empty bottles.
A BLACK CAT IS SITTING IN FRONT OF THE TV
A woman walking in a restaurant with a uniform on. 
A computer that has a screen shot of the part of the desk that wouldl be missing
A white cat is sleeping on a desk next to a computer monitor and keyboard.
A living room with a glass coffee table, couch and television.
A brown and black cat watching a television program.
A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A picture of a lot of luggage and some people.
Kitten playing with a dog that is on the tv.
A room filled with furniture and a bed next to a desk.
A gray shaggy dog sits on top of an old desk next to a computer.
a flat screen television sitting on a entertainment center
A group of people playing the Nintendo Wii with the television in the trunk of the vehicle.
Young adults playing and watching others play video games.
A desktop computer is sitting on a wooden desk.
There is a bike and furniture in the different rooms .
A cat sitting on a desk next to a laptop, computer and a chair.
people sitting in a big buy with tv screens on the monitors
A home office with desk, chairs, and book shelves built into the wall.
A cat next to a computer looking at a mouse.

Young siblings eating take out grilled cheese sandwiches at home
A dog sits under a desk with a computer on it.
A desk with two laptops, two computers, headphones and a cell phone. 
A beautiful young lady holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
The television has two candles lit on each side of it.
a man on a phone and two little girls playing a video game
A small desk set up with a variety of electronics

A person is sitting on a couch looking at a fireplace and big screen television.
A room with furniture and a wooden door.
United States sailors cut a cake while the captain looks on.
A girl plays Wii bowling while several boys cheer her on.
A row of green donuts, a row of glazed donuts, and a row of chocolate donuts
Three computers are sitting on an already crowded desk.
A group of people sitting at different tables.
A home desk which has a computer, a laptop and a lamp.
Small blue stuffed elephant sitting on a luggage belt. 
An Apple computer with a mouse and a keyboard. 
Pictures decorate the wall above a small fireplace.
A room with a rocking chair, Christmas Tree and presents, as well as a TV and laptop
The television is on closed caption for people to read.
A girl watching a tennis match in a neat living room.
Small tv screens are lit up inside of a vehicle.
A young child in a hospital bed being visited by her mom with a teddy bear.
a cat staring as a television plays in the back ground 
A group of colleagues working on computers around a table. 
A toddler balances a Frisbee on his head.
A room with a bed, matching curtains, and some chairs with clothes in them.
A room with a television and a bed.
Children and young adults checking in luggage at a travel terminal kiosk. 
A man laying in bed holding a laptop computer.
The nurse is taking care of his patient. 
some people sitting at long tables with some laptops 
an image of a living room setting with fireplace
a table with a phone sitting on a mouse pad next to a monitor
A living area with a small table and a blue chair.
The colorfully decorated living room has a retro style chair in it.
Modern living room with fireplace and large television above mantel.
Some guys in a dark room playing a game on a big  TV.
A lot of people pushing carts with luggage in them.
Passengers look for their suitcases at a baggage claim.
The remote controls are placed on the side of the television.
Picture of presents in a living room for Christmas
Inside of a living room with a tv and shelving unit.
A serene living room is furnished with several choices of a view.
A living room is full of furniture and other stacks of objects.
A django sitting on a desk next to a mouse and keyboard.
A man standing in front of a TV in a bedroom.
A girl is eating a hot dog at a baseball game.
A woman eats a slice of pizza while watching TV.
A woman in a floral jacket viewing a computer screen.
A living room has wood floors and a large blue rug.
A open loft are a with bed, chair, table, television and a window.
A small chair sitting at a desk with a computer on it.
A woman standing in a living room playing a video game with a remote.
A man walking into a living room with a bicycle in it.
A cat sleeping on a wooden floor surrounded by clutter.
The male traveler is standing in the busy airport.
A group of people sitting at tables in a room.
A girl is licking her lips as she devours a grilled cheese sandwich.
A gray haired man has a TV and chair outside in the desert.
A man wearing a suit reading the label on a bottle of wine.
A crowd of people standing around a projector screen.
A computer desk with a keyboard next to a computer mouse.
A television mounted on a wall next to some shelves above a table with a remote on it.
A long table with a bunch of laptops on it.
A young boy not wearing a shirt, but wearing a neck tie.
A living room that has a television and a chair
A living room with a desktop computer setup on a table. 
Adult man standing in room using remote control with game on video screen.
a boy at a desk on his laptop 
a person smiling holding two old cell phones
Two friends are playing wii in the living room.
A little girl laying down on a bed.
A house with a television and a chair and ottoman.
Vendors are selling their wines at a wine festival.
A picture of a man on a video screen with keyboard, mouse and a digital gage that reads 209 in front.
A person's legs stretched out on a chair in front of a computer
a bed room with a bed a table and chairs
A modern office space with a curved corner desk.
A computer desk with a flat screen monitor and lots of stuff.
A laptop computer, a computer screen and a mouse
a man lighting the candles on a birthday cake 
Multi-colored party streamers are hanging from a light fixture, and a TV is turned on on the counter.
Someone who is holding a device that hooks up to a computer.
A big brown dog is watching a television.
Three men and one woman enjoying a game of wifit.
a man standing outside with all of his bags
A grey and white cat sitting behind a laptop computer.
A man standing in front of a flat screen TV.
A laptop and a computer screen on top of a table.
Lady clapping hands while sitting at a desk with lots of books.
A computer desk has three computers on it.
A group of people sitting in front of a computer talking.
A woman is eating cupcakes and drinking something.
A television showing a boy in a hall mounted on a wall.
a lady is in the kitchen sitting down, while the photo is being taken from the living room
A view from inside a car looking down a highway.
A poster of a sad dog for an animal rights group.
Computer equipment on a white table including monitor, mouse and headphones.
Large projection screen in use while audience watches from their seats.
THRE ARE A GROUP OF PEOPLE PLAYING WII 
An older gentleman in his home packing for a trip while the news is on.
Two men playing Wii Boxing and swinging their arms in a living room.
A clean white and wood toned kitchen with wine.
a large room filled with pizza an people
a bathroom with white walls and a brown cabinet
A photo from an airplane shows the top of a mountain.
the cat is standing on the desk beside the computer
A room with a desk, chairs, television, and mini-fridge. 
A dirty living room with TV, computer, and video game systems.
a cat laying down next to a window and a potted plant
A cat sitting in front of a TV with soccer on.
A kitchen decorated with Christmas garlands and bows.
A group of colored luggage with handles extended in front of a tv screen.
The back of two seats that have dvd playing.
A large television and table in a room.
A man stands in front of a television while standing on a Wii Fit board.
A man uses a laptop while holding a cat.
A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.
Three people play video games in a living room.
An airplane with lots of small TV's sitting on the back of head rest.
A television and a table in a room.
Two people play Wii Sports while another watches the action.  
There is a counter top filled with computers.
a broken tv sitting on the street while someone walks by 
A man sitting at a table with a plate and a beer at a restaurant. 
A man with headphones sitting at a desk looking at a computer.
A man pulls a piece of paper from a printer in an small office.
Three cats sit on a table looking at a computer screen. 
a couple of monitors are on a wood desk
A well lit wood-floored living room with couches and an end table.
A boy is sitting at a desk using a computer.
a close up of plants behind a shade 
A home office with three laptops and a desktop with speakers.
Blurry photograph of a sunny apartment living room 
Multiple computers set up on a desk in an office.
This is a picture of a bed room.
A livin area with a small tv and small couch.
A woman sitting at a chair by a computer on her desk
A couple of ceiling fans sitting above a living room.
A man holding a giant slice of cheese pizza.
A made bed in a nicely furnished bedroom.
A living room and dining room combination with kitchen visible in the rear
Motel room with green carpet, chairs, bed, and windows open
A clean office holds a desk, computer, telephone and office chair.
A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer.
A dorm room has christmas lights around its window.
A workspace with a laptop computer and desktop computer.
A modern motel room features oak storage and casual accessories.
Christmas tree in far wall as child plays with rv
Computer screen with the keyboard and printer sitting next to it. 
A trainer is running with the horse in a ground.
A cat is sitting in the chair of a computer desk.
The people are playing a video game demonstration int he store.
Two persons in the room working with the mobile phones.
A woman and a man stand smiling in front of many bottles of wine.
A man spins around with his forehead on a baseball bat.
Group of people standing around a table cutting cake. 
A man sitting on a chair in front of a computer. 
A bedroom with the drapes open, and a television on.
Two kids playing a wi in their living room
a brown bed frame a brown couch some pictures and a chair
A lovely home's entry area is beautifully lit up by the sun.  
A kitchen with a checkered floor, oven, sink and window.
A living area with various couches, a fireplace and a television.
this is a desk with balloons on it
A bicycle is in a living room next to some shelves.
A puppy walking on top of a desk near a computer.
A group of people having a meal together.
A restaurant with chairs, couch and dining table
A cat sniffing the screen of a laptop computer.
A A living room with a fireplace and small television in it
a large living room with a tv and fireplace
A fire hydrant and tv are shown next to a wall.
A woman at a party with a glass of white wine.
A large living room with couches and a television.
A group of men in suits sitting on couches talking.
A dog standing in a den with a couch, chairs, table and television.
The kitchen table sits on a hardwood floor near a gigantic mirror.
Group of people sitting in front of a television playing with a Wii. 
A women and man are sitting at a table preparing food while the women is talking on the cell phone while she is pouring water in a cup.
Bowls are lined up in size order on the top of an island in a living room.
A cat is asleep next to a laptop.
A panoramic view of a living room with a afire place
A cat seems to be staring at the blank TV. 
A picture of a cat watching a television.
A dog sits in a room with a couch, table, and desk.
A desk with two laptops, a computer monitor and a telephone.
A desk with a computer, telephone and speakers on it. 
The computer monitor on the desk has speakers on each side of it.
a group of friends are gathered in a living room
A man squinting at the display on his cell phone.
Someone drawling in a big open building sitting in a chair.
a living room with a tv a book shelf and plants
MAN WITH TIE SHOWING A DISPLAY OF PRODUCTS
a brown and white dog is standing on a white chair
A wooden table topped with a laptop computer and TV.
A room filled with computers and laptops on a desk.
a living room with couches a tv and chairs
A room filled with lots of laptop computers on top of desk.
a black cat watching the television screen while seated
A bartender reads a book while the TV plays.
A collection of books being used to create a keyboard rest at a standing desk.
Two open laptops sitting on a bed in someones room. 
A laptop computer is on a desk next to another desk with a computer.
A man blowing out the candles on a birthday cake
A desk has a keyboard, mouse, and two monitors on it.
A black cat watching a laptop and a desktop at the same time.
A man is playing a video game in a living room.
A can paws at a food item on a plate.
two people are playing a video game and a television
Living room with furniture and lighting turned on with curtains open.
A woman holding up a sale sign for a refrigerator.
A bedroom has a large white bed with a modern look.
A man talking on a cell phone holding a paper.
Many items including plastic cups have been placed beside computer.
three photos of people wearing ties at an office
A man and woman with game controllers playing a video game.
a living room with a brown couch and other furniture. 
A person holding a cigarette lighter up to the image of a man smoking on a laptop.
a man using a laptop at the dining table
A platter of pizza that is on a table.
A hotel room is neatly organized and ready for guests.
A man is working on a laptop computer at a desk.
A little dog in a TV shop slicking his nose.
A bedroom full of furniture covered in snow.
Laptops are open to different web pages in a computer lab.
A computer desk with both a laptop and a desktop computer. 
An old fashioned broken television in the grass.
A person playing a wii video game in a room
A woman with a backpack on her back and bag on her shoulder standing next to a suitcase.
A work desk with a laptop covered with pictures, books, and files. 
A living room with a television, old computer and fan. 
A studio apartment with bed, tv, and desk
Two men are playing a video game with a motion controller.
A kitten crawling on the keyboard of a desktop computer.
the people are standing around a man on his bike
A television with a fire truck frame for sale
two people cutting a cake on a table
A laptop and a home computer on a desk.
Two people are mimicking the position of a figure on a computer monitor
A group of people observing a man doing a presentation on some television screens.
An airplane with several people watching movies on their seats.
A typical living room with all the furnishings.
A cat sitting on a cushion watching fireworks on television.
People watch as a man plays video tennis.
A couple playing Wii tennis in a small room
Hungry man enjoys lunch at a local restaurant.
A man laying on a blue couch in a living room under  mirror.
A computer on a desk with boxes of components.
A remote that is being pointed at a television.
A large living room with some very nice furniture.
Two people are playing a WII video game.
The computer desk has many office electronics on it.
A messy room with a tv, bed, and two computer screens. 
Two girls playing Mario Kart Wii on a TV.
A television that is showing a news program on it.
Three girls in front of cupcakes and a baked house.
A table and some chairs in a room.
A living room with a couch, chair, table, lamp and television in it. 
Two computer screens glow on the desk in a dark office.
a person standing behind a tv holding an ironing board
Large tabby cat laying on top of television set.
A cat laying next to a laptop computer on the desk.
A long desk holding a computer and a musical keyboard.
Photo of a living room with a Christmas tree in the corner.
The man is holding up his chat pad in his hand
Two beds are located in a tidy room
The television is on in a cluttered residential room decorated with christmas lights.
A laptop and a computer monitor on a desk
An desk with a chair, a computer, a fishbowl and other items stand in an office. 
a desk with a monitor keyboard and laptop
A group of people who are standing together.
A cake with people decorations sitting on a table.
Desk with two computers and two different chairs.
a man looking at two little girls using tablet computers 
They guy is watching an image on the projector.
A black and white photo of a girl holding a teddy bear on her lap.
The computer is on the wooden desk with power on.
Four children all girls playing video games on TV.
there is a small tv that is on a small tv stand
Large screen television sitting next to a set of stairs. 
A dark computer room with one woman inside of it. 
A group of kids viewing a television in a classroom.
A woman at a desk with a computer monitor and CD case.
a living room with a white couch and a TV mounted to the wall 
A dog is sleeping in a bed underneath a desk.
A desk with a computer and very large speakers.
Boys sit together watching the television and holding plates. 
a computer a keyboard a mouse and a monitor
A man holding a cup and eating something.
A room with a wooden floor, a heater and a office chair, a table and windows with curtains that are open.
two people playing Guitar Hero at a party
A man in a suit speaks to a camera, in an auditorium.
A neat living room where you can see the dining room in the background.
A man in an overcoat sits sleepily by an old portable television in a room with a buffet table.
A desk in a office setting with a  large painting on the wall.
A man standing at a counter talking to the woman behind it.
A view of many couches, potted plants and windows.
Man standing playing a game while and lady and man sit watching.
A hotel room contains a desk and dresser with television.
a desk that has some computers on it
A bottle of wine with a glass right next to it. 
A person doing thumbs up over a box of pizza.
the inside of a bus converted into a kitchen
A clock mounted in the middle of a three story mall.
A microwave and a cup of coffee on a table.
a dog watching some thing on tv in a room
Two young men playing a WII game together.
A crowded home entryway with a painted blue door.
A room with two queen sized beds and a television.
A metal statue of a person riding a bicycle on wooden counter.
A wooden desk has three computers on it
Closeup of a remote on table with a television in the distance.
A personal computer and a laptop are sitting on a desk with a few books.
A person watches tv in a room with a couch and a laptop
A person and some cones on a city street.
A lady lying down on a hospital bed of some sort.
A small living room with a large television, a couch and a fireplace.
Men and women sitting down in a computer lab . 
A woman standing on a coffee table, arms outstretched
A large bathroom with a large bathtub in front of curtained windows.
A Christmas tree that is in the corner in a living room.
A home office looks well equipped and often used. 
A workstation complete with anything one might need.
a room with a mirror and a desk with a monitor
A red couch surrounded by several full bookcases.
A person is behind a large teddy bear next to a basket of small teddy bears.
Young boy playing video games on the television. 
Many small objects have been thrown onto the unmade bed.
A tv mounted inside of a vehicle displaying a movie.
a desk with a laptop and a monitor 
a living room with a television inside of it 
A room with empty bookcases, boxes, a table and a lamp.
a spacious living room with a couch, coffee table and armchair
A room lighted with purple light and home lighting effects.
Two men sit on a couch and watch the tv.
A young girl is eating something out of a can
Two tall television monitors are next to chairs and desk.
Modern hotel bedroom with striped carpet, couch, desk, large bed and flat panel TV.
A living area with a red dresser, shelves and a window.
The guy and girls are playing a video game.
a table that has a couple of computers on it
Two young Asian girls demonstrate the computer server.
A large brown tabby cat with his arm over a computer keyboard.
Two people playing wii in a living room. 
A living room scene with a couch and a television.
man is removing a cork from wine bottle
There are people siting around a table eating pizza
The teddy bear is facing toward the computer keyboard.
A professional women's tennis match on a clay court.
A group of people playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
A person is typing on a computer keyboard.
A living room with a black sofa, a black chair, and a flat screen TV.
A white bed sitting in a bedroom in front of a TV.
A picture of a television screen showing a black-and-white movie. 
People picking up their luggage in an airport.
a cluttered room with a laptop computer on one table and a lot of furniture
A stuffed polar bear posed to be looking at a real polar bear on a computer.
a father and daughter are playing a nintendo wii game
An office desk with a laptop computer and a phone.
a man that has a wii remote in his hand
Two men playing a game system in someone's living room.
A black cat sitting on a desk with a computer.
a tv screen showing an animated black and white cat above a box saying "grow your own drugs"
An office workstation with laptop computer and desktop monitor.
A classroom with laptop computers, a projection screen and a basket of cookies.
A laptop next to a television and some video devices.
A person laying on a bed with a tray of food.
A dog is watching television in a darkened room.
A black cat is sitting on an office chair.
Men standing in front of a tv watching Wii tennis.
A rather blurry remote, with the channel and volume buttons are the only pieces very visible. 
A woman standing next to appliances while eating pizza. 
an image of a bedroom with floral print
A couple of men standing in front of a TV.
A child wearing goggles, watching the television as he holds a game controller.
A very big and nice looking living room.
Some people playing a WII video game in a room.
A long desk has two computers on it.
A hotel room with a white bed and tub.
There is only one slice of pizza left in the box
A living room setup with couch, tv, piano and decorations.
A work cubical with a work station cluttered with miscellaneous clutter and a computer.
There are four donuts in a plastic bakery container.
A flat widescreen TV on a stand with audio and video equipment.
A woman is playing with a Nintendo Wiimote.
Small television screen with a brown hat sitting on top of it. 
A large sized black Sony television remote control.
The oriental rug nicely compliments the house furnishings.
An office with two desks  in an office building.
The computer desk is arranged neatly with electronics.
kitchen with silver appliances sun shining in the room
A person using a table pc with their finger.
The people are on the boat listening to the instructor. 
Some police motorcyclists are in formation on a city street.
A person holding a small pair of scissors by a desk.
A living room with a television that rests over the fireplace.
A woman and her son using an old iMac computer
A living room with hard wood flooring and a TV in the corner of a room.
A white bathroom with a tv and phone
A television set next to a beige desk with sunlight streaming through the window.
Room with flat screen TV and vintage furniture
a few people are sitting on coaches outside
A living room area with coach televisison and coffee able
A desktop computer keyboard next to a mouse.
a person playing nintendo wii in front of a tv
a guy playing Wii in his brightly decorated room 
An office desk has a book, coffee cup, tv and other things on it.
A bedroom has a computer desk, and a cat sleeping on the bed.
A cat laying in front of a window with its paw over its eyes.
There are neon yellow chairs in an airport terminal.
A guy holding a white parrot inside of his hand.
Two women laying next to each other on the bed .
A dog is staring at a television screen.
The man is putting his feet up on the desk.
A couch and a table in a small room.
A bed with white linens in a bedroom with the sun shining in the window.
A flat screen TV sits next to a box of tissues and a remote control.
The front door of the house is open to let some air inside. 
a glass that has a bunch of candy in it
A black and white cat standing in the living room.
A grey cat sleeps on a smooth surface.
A few people having a conversation at a pizza parlor. 
A living room with furniture and a small tv in the corner.
The dorm room is empty, but is also very clean.
There is a small TV between two chirs
A crowd of people are gather in an indoor mall.
Sunbeams stream through the window to rest on the floor.
a cat is sitting on a table looking at a dog thats on tv
a photo of a monitor and a computer keyboard on a desk
Brown dog sitting in mans lap with a television next to it.
This is a picture of a cat looking forward.
A woman stands in a room with a desk and computer.
A desk with two laptops and one desktop.
An empty room is dimly lighted by a lamp in the corner. 
a woman is holding a racket and a bottle
an office decorated with a flower stencil and many potted plants across a window.
Two women pack up boxes of different donuts.
A view of a desktop with a laptop and normal keyboard and mouse on it. 
A man plays a Nintendo Wii video game. 
A woman is on her knees in a chair looking at a computer.
A person typing on a laptop computer keyboard.
A group of people with laptop computers and books sitting at tables.
A photo of a blurry guy standing in a room.
The dark cat is near a keyboard and computer monitor.
A boy poses for a picture while sitting in front of a laptop.
A COMPUTER LAB WITH COMPUTERS IN IT 
There is a laptop and it is hooked up to two monitors.
Window display of an ice-cream shop with cows and a huge cone
Several people are ordering food at a cafeteria.
the tv is at the bottom of the bed
Two computers and a digital camera are on a desk.
A yellow and gray and yellow Cockatoo standing on a glass of water.
A small work area with a desk and shelves and a computer.
A room with a bed and a television on a chest of drawers.
A gray cat sitting on a dark blue couch in a living room.
Candles spelling out happy birthday on a cake.
Two men that are standing with remotes in front of a television.
An office with binders on a book shelf.
Red leather couch in white walled room with hardwood floors.
A blue living room with couches, chairs and a rocking horse.
Three men are posing in front of a collection of glasses.
A pretty black cat plays with a baseball cap.
A desk and chair with two computer monitors on the desk.
An empty dining room with leather furniture and a turned on TV. 
A robe that is hanging on the wall.
A man is watching television in a loft type apartment.
a girl levitation in front of a window and a girl watching tv 
A workstation with a keyboard, cup of coffee, and memo pad.
Several people are sitting in a pinstriped living room equipped with a fireplace and deer head.
There are sheets on the bed in the room
A woman with a birthday cake with candles that are lit.
a white cat sleeping on  some papers on a table
A window with blinds drawn next to a dresser with a television on top.
A classroom setting that has people at desks with laptop computers and a projector placing an image on the screen in the front.
A large couch sits in front of a television and entertainment center. 
The program is open on the desktop and ready to be used

A boy playing a game with a remote controller.
A cluttered room with bookshelves and desk crowded with computers. 
A cat laying on a keyboard in front of two monitors.
A kitchen with a center island with a stove top oven.
The man looks at a cell phone with an unlit cigarette in his mouth.
Two people sitting in reclining chairs watching something on a TV attached to a laptop.
A living room with a tv in the corner and a faux fireplace 
Two monitors sitting on a desk by a chair and a window.
A cat watching a bird that is on television.
A home office with a desktop computer and a laptop computer.
A laptop sitting under a television with several cords coming from it. 
A green plant brightens up a barely furnished living room.
A computer on a desk with many wires.
A desk with a cellphone, keyboard and two computer monitors.
A man in an office playing some type of game on a television.
A man in white stands behind some studio lights.
White desktop computer sitting in front of a red chair. 
Two men in a room with open doors, both holding their cell phones up.
A small and bright dining room with beaded curtains.
A man is eating food in front of computer screen.
The room has two doorways and a stairwell in it.
A woman wearing a tank top holds up her wine glass.
A person sitting down playing a video game.
A soldier standing behind a blue and white bicycle.
a keyboard, mouse and monitor on a brown desk
The older tv is sitting next to the baby seat.
A brown cat next to a desktop computer with keyboard and mouse
a bed with a tv an a cable box
A house cat sitting on a TV stand watching the TV program.

A desk with a laptop, a desktop monitor and a printer.
A room with a couch, two chairs, and a fireplace.
People in a waiting area checking luggage on machine.
A young child that is holding a big rubber ball.
beautiful living room with black leather furniture and a case.

A group of people gathered around a table with a cake.
a bed a window some pictures books and a television
A living room with a grey couch and computer desk.
a man eating a meal while watching something on the tv
a woman and her cat sit at her computer desk
The desk in the office has a lot of paperwork on it. 
a grey cat sleeping on a leather chair
Computers monitors and keyboards on tables in a computer lab.
A guy is standing in his living room playing the Wii on his big screen.
A group of men on a field playing baseball.
A very nicely decorated living room with a great view outside. 
A desk with a laptop and two computer monitors.
Three computers, equipment and papers on a table.
a desk with a computer sitting on top of it 
The monitor and shelves are big enough for all the workers to use.
A couple of young ladies sitting at a table eating food.
Three screens with Johnny Depp in image with white wall
A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
Boxes are stacked against the wall of the living room, near the entrance, nearby to the sectional sofa.
A room with big pillows on the floor, a TV, and small table.
The cat is laying on the laptop on the desk. 
An open laptop is on the counter with other various objects, including a couple of keyboards and a mouse.
Two friends are gathered to play the wii.
people sitting around in a living room in different chairs 
An illuminated mouse is sitting on a desktop.
A man sits and reads a book next to a television.
A man watches TV in a room full of files.
Desk workspace with modern monitor and two keyboards.
A computer displays the "blue screen of death" or fatal error often associated with windows.
a close up of a laptop on a table 
Fisheye photograph of a room with a bicycle and desk.
The three people are the only ones in the restaurant currently. 
an adult helping a child play nintendo wii
This photo depicts a Wii controller standing up.
A desk with multiple computers on it in a room. 
A cat lies in front of two monitors next to a computer keyboard.
A cat sitting on top of a tv thats turned on.
An intersection with traffic lights, streetlights, and vehicles at night.
a desk with a monitor and a keyboard
A man wearing a straw hat while playing a guitar.
A desk is organized with figurines beside the speaker.
A cat sitting on a desk and behind a computer monitor. 
The computer screen has a wikipedia page showing. 
A cat watches a small animal on a television screen.
An upside down tv left on the street.
A laptop computer with an external monitor on a very neat desk.
A woman standing on an airplane next to a passenger.
There is a computer set up on a book shelf
There is only room for one person to sit in the chair.
A cat sits next to a plate that sits in front of a computer screen.
A young man resting has another person revealing offensive hand gestures next to him.
a bagel with lots of toppings stacked on top of it, including tooth picked olives 
A man playing Wii bowling in front of a television.
A lava lamp sitting next to a monitor with a similar design.
A furry black cat is sitting on a computer keyboard.
Small screen mounted onto a red wooden wall.
A boy in a hat is smiling while holding a Wii controller. 
A really nice hotel room with a gorgeous view.
This flat-screen television sits in a room beside another table
two children at a table with laptop 
A man watching another man tie his tie.

The person is working on the computer live. 
Two men playing the Wii on a projector.
A woman sitting on the couch with her legs crossed.
Three computer monitors on a bench two powered on.
a desk with more than one computer on it 
They look to be standing in an airports.
an image of a group of kids that are in a classroom 
A small cockateil pecks around a computer keyboard.
A cream colored living room with a cathedral ceiling.
The computer desk with the large monitor has a laptop next to it.
A person sitting in front of a computer in a cubicle.
A very neat corner office with a desktop and a laptop computer, plus all sorts of nifty office equipment. 
A television is on in a room containing materials sorted into organized cases.
a wooden table a phone and two laptops and a mouse
A woman's hands are blurry while she holds a Wii remote in a living room. 
A simple living room bathed in light from the glass door.
a man either loading or unloading a van with TV's  
A space filled with entertainment devices, furniture, and sitting area in a home.
A television that has two laptop computers in front of it.
A couch in front of a light color wall with a large picture hanging on it.
a television mounted on a wall in a kitchen.
a bed room with a bed a tv and a brick wall
A golden dog laying next to a desk area.
An ordinary living room isn't occupied with any people. 
A person is holding a computer and watching a flat screen t.v.
Living room decor with couch, love seat, recliner, and TV.
A workstation with a computer, notebook, and papers.
The man smiles with a young boy near a woman posing with a girl. 
A computer generated woman looks from behind a computer laptop.
adult couple in kitchen area with refrigerator open.
a living rom with a couch a chair and a tv
A clean white hotel room with a flat screen tv.
A television monitor is shown in an office area.
A red couch in a living room next to a large window.
Boy standing in front of television holding a game controller while watching the t.v.
A woman standing up in a room and holding a Wii video game controller in her hand.
A TV sitting between two blue couches in front of a mirror.
A room with a TV, white door, chair, window with blind and other items
A small room with a bed and table.
Interior of a public bus with people standing and sitting down. 
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A hotel suite with two beds and a desk.
A notepad that is sitting in front of a few computers.
A person is lounging with her feet up in front of a TV. 
A guy is taking a picture of himself holding a phone.
Two young children playing the Nintendo Wii U.
a living room with a table couch guitar and some pictures
A man leaning on a table looking at a cake with candles.
Two people are aiming controllers at the television set while other sit on the sofa watching.
A window and a bed in a room.
Man using a laptop on the couch in a sunny room
A television, laptop and cell phone all showing various images. 
Two boys playing a video game and a woman standing next to a bookcase. 
A Nintendo Wii video game system on display in front of a television.
A view of a bedroom with a bed, closet and telephone. 
A room with several televisions inside showing sports
A laptop connected to an Apple computer monitor.
Three men in front of a cake shaped like a stereo and cupcakes.
A large screen TV is sitting on a stand.
LIVING ROOM WITH COUCH, TABLE, END TABLE, LAMP, PHONE, AND MIRROR
A desk is full of two laptops and a desktop computer.
A man on a phone on a ddr pad
a bedroom with a bed and a flat screen television 
a crowded restaurant with people having something to eat
A living room with couch, table, and mirror.
a lady that has a remote in her hand 
THERE IS A PICTURE OF THE LIVING ROOM 
there is a television and a black stove in this kitchen
A kid playing with toys in a kitchen next to a Christmas tree.
An Apple computer on a cluttered desk with a PSP.
A computer monitor, keyboard, phone and various papers sit on a desk.
A cat sitting on the keyboard of a computer 
a bunch of people are sitting in a busy room
a living room with furniture and a flat screen tv
A group of people doing different things in a kitchen. 
A living room scene with a chair and a television.
A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a desktop monitor.
A desk with two computer monitors is seen in a bedroom.
The open doorway shows a clean living room and an active television. 
Living room with pine paneling and a gold ceiling fan.
A chair and television sitting in the corner of a room.
a woman sitting on a couch holding a smart phone.
A view of a living room through a window
A home computer and keyboard on a desk.
A bedroom filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.
a bedroom with a bed and dresser inside of it 
A kitchen area with a sink, shelves and counter space.
A clean living room with a blanket on the couch and the drapes drawn.
A laptop computer on a desk cluttered with peripheral wires.
A man gives a presentation  next to a large presentation screen.
A suitcase on a chair filled with many clothes.
Two dogs playing on floor in living room area.
Two cat by each other, one pawing at a computer screen.
there is a small tv and coffee table in the living room
A sectional sofa with white covers sits in front of a television set in the living room.
A daylit room with modern furniture and a flat screen TV on the wall.
The person is standing on a video game balance board in front of a television. 
A group of people in baseball uniforms have their faces painted multiple colors.
A picture of a dorm room with a bed.
A computer and laptop with two different systems set up on them.
A young man is sitting in front of the tv playing Wii.
Two people relaxing on furniture with television on 
A couple plays a video game while two other people look on.
Two women playing video games that are on tv screen.
A wooden desk covered in laptop computers and monitors.
An office cubicle with a laptop and desktop on a desk 
There is a small tv setting among lots of liquor bottles
A man sitting at a table working on his open laptop.
A person is looking at a television holding a Wii controller.
A bunch of movies and shows are stacked by a computer.
A room filled with different types of items all around.

A very neat desk by a water cooler and TV.
A person and a cat are watching tv together. 
A man is sitting next to a computer system with two monitors, keyboard, and mouse and a desk that has many figurines and dolls atop of it
A young boy standing in front of a TV playing video games
the little boy is sitting on the daybed feeding himself  as he watches television
A living room with a fire place and a tv on a stand.
A television that is on a entertainment stand.
A few kids playing a video game with a remote controller.
A man is sitting on a couch while eating.
A monitor, keyboard, mouse, and laptop are sitting on a desk in front of a window.
A group of men standing around a table near plates of food.
A person is sitting in a room with a television and computer.
An attractive room with a superb entertainment center.
A flat screen TV sitting on top of a wooden shelf.
a man and a woman holding each other and posing
Two women standing by some sweets that they just made.
a person sitting in a chair with a laptop 
A messy living room with desk, television, and couch.
A living room with a blue stair case next to glass windows.
A child is sitting on the floor looking for a movie on the television.

A party with friends gathered at a table and two men playing an interactive video game on a PC.
A computer monitor, keyboard and mouse on a desk.
a man that has a sink and a t.v. on the wall
Black and white photo of a bookcase, books and television 
A chair sits in the corner of a living room next to the tv on a stand
Group of men playing video game in conference room.
A person holding a controller aiming it at a tv.
A young man sitting on a couch with a laptop.
A woman holding a TV remote in a living room.
A coffee mug on the top of a desk.
A bedroom with white walls and some wooden fixtures.
An elegant white kitchen with the lights on 
A man watching television while surrounded by photographers.
A photo of a person driving a car with the GPS.
A desk with a keyboard, computer monitor and phone.
A family watches television in a small living room.
A group of boys in living room with television and couch.
On a table a computer,a laptop,papers,books,some eatables in a tray and other things are kept.
A cat that is on top of a small television and reaching one paw down at an image on the screen.
A computer monitor hooked up to a laptop computer.
Shot of living area that includes chairs, a couch, a coffee table and a television.
A couch, a chair and some tables are in a room.
a man is playing video games on a television
A bathroom with a glass shower stall and tiled walls in the shower area.
A room with two computers and a television perched on a file cabinet.
A person that is playing a video game in a room here
An airport has several suitcases lined up by a pole.
A hotel room filled with two beds in front of a flat screen TV.
An old TV inside an entertainment center in a room.
A living room filled with red furniture on a hard wood floor.
A woman standing on something while playing a video game. 
A living room with stuffed animals pinned to a wall.
Looking into the display window of a book store.
A group of people playing video games at a video tournament
A couple of beds are in a hotel room
A table has a plant next to the glass doorway in the kitchen.
A living room with a fat cat sitting on the arm of a couch. 
A group of people sitting in a living room watching a football game.
a person with several pieces of luggage standing against a pole
Two gold colored lamps an a tv are in this paneled room.
A curious cat looking at a television screen.
some people in line at a the baggage claim
A tablet, laptop computer and television all turned on.
A kitchen has light wood and shiny floors.
A man playing a video game at what appears to be a video game convention
An oak table and chairs in a dining room, with an open doorway into the kitchen.
an unmade bed in the middle of a bedroom 
there is a man that is holding the tv remote
 cat sitting on top of a gray television set.
Open living room with a large window in front of a forrest. 
A living room with a brick fireplace and oak furniture
A big screen TV and a video game system sit on a table.
A woman is working at her computer at her desk.
A furnished living room with brick wall, fireplace and living room furniture.
Two TV sets sitting by a red table on a sidewalk.
The hotel room has been cleaned but the rooms are empty.
A cat on a sofa is watching tv.
An older TV sitting on its side on the sidewalk,
There are two monitors sitting on the desk.
A living room filled with furniture and wooden floors.
People sit in a living room playing a video game.
A smiling man wearing headphones near a table filled with laptop computers.
A cat is standing on top of TV near a huge bookcase. 
Two men in a room holding wii remotes.
A laptop computer with a mouse and cell phone is on a metal desk. 
A desk with shelves and a laptop and a desktop computer.
An older man with a white shirt and bow tie is smiling.
A living room with a fireplace, TV, couch and other furniture. 
A couch sitting on top of a hard wood floor next to a  table.
A flip calender is next to the computer monitor and keyboard.
A women laying on her back playing with the dog .
A boy and a girl play a video game together.
A yellow wall features a monitor and some electrical equipment.
A whiteboard and trestle table occupy the corner of a recreation hall.
A sandwich and a glass sitting on a tray.
A man with a beard is playing wii with a pink controller.
A person uses a laptop while two others watch television.
Many objects, including two parts and a keyboard are on the desk. 
A child plays a video game, while others watch.
The television set is turned on but no one is in the living room. 
A woman with a wii controller close up with a man in the distance
A man smiling at the camera taking a selfie 
a living room area with wood floors and couch
A view of kitchen sink and a desk area.
A man sitting at his desk looking at a computer .
The people seem to be playing a golf video game. 
All white furniture is featured in this small living room
A group of people hanging out in a living room.
A frog of some sort near a computer monitor of some sort.
A tablet showing a video feed of a baseball game on someone's desk.
The cat is sitting in front of the computer.
An entertainment center with a small television monitor, remotes, and books.
A woman dressed as tooth fairy holding a wand
The living room has a large television and a couch in the corner.
A desk with a computer, keyboard and monitor.
Two guys are in a chair posing for the camera. 
a little  boy playing video bowling on a television
A television is sitting on a fireplace mantel
A computer mouse and a keyboard on a desk.
A cluttered living room has an old TV.
This photo displays a messy desk that has two laptops on it among many other things.
A man is in the kitchen drying a frying pan
There is a man on the TV screen.
A laptop, television, and other gadgets are hooked up in a corner.
Six chairs in a train car along with curtains.
A cat is looking at a television screen with grass and flowers.
A group of people sitting around a dinner table together.
A man and two young girls sitting on a green couch.
a desk with a laptop a monitor and a clock
there is a small table that has a small tv on it
Some guys playing a video game on a big screen.
a small group of people playing with a wii remote
A dog watching a western movie from his spot on the floor
A group of men standing in front of a display.
There is a colorful living room shown her ok.
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A cat laying on top of a flat screen TV.
He must need two computers for his job.
A living room that has wooden shelves with many movies on them.
People standing on a platform at a train station. 
Two computer monitors are sitting on a desk.
A man sitting at a desk with a green and white laptop on his lap.
A chair sitting next to a flat screen TV.
a living room with a couch and a table 
Two computers on desk with images on screen
A computer workstation with dual monitors and a slide-out key board tray.  
A woman is sitting on a couch watching television.
a kitchen with a window a sink and a table
A person is wearing a silly hat by a table with a cake.
a man playing video game in a disorganized house
The small child is sitting in front of the computer monitor.
A group of desktop computers sitting on top of a desk.
A couple is in a living room with remote controls.
There is a panoramic view of many computers and lap tops on a desk
A living room with balloons on the floor and a tv turned on.
A red headed man on a television in front of a red wall.
A large bedroom with big bed and flat screen television
A women who is holding a steering wheel, possibly for a video game.
A desk has many photographs and other items on it.
A nicely decorated hotel room with a great view.
A desk with a laptop phone and red bag on it
A table with a monitor, keyboard and speakers on it. 
A small living room with sofa and television and a curtained window at the far wall
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and a wooden table.
A tablet, a laptop and a computer on a desk
A room has two couches and a television on with no one watching.
a man sitting at a desk while using a laptop 
a television set a laptop books a monitor and a lamp
A cluttered living room is seen in this image.
A computer monitor and keyboard sit on a desk.
A beautiful young girl playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
A computer desk topped with monitors and a laptop computer.
A bicycle leans on a bench at a subway stop.
The computer desk has two laptops near the monitor.
A bed with lamps, chair, desk and a television.
A metal bowl with several types of fresh vegetables sliced in it.
A living room with red sofas and glass coffee table
The people are eating spaghetti and drinking wine at the table.
A long spacious room with a beautiful wooden dining table.
A man in grey shirt removing a slice of pizza from a box.
The young cat is sitting directly on top of the laptop keyboard.
A crowded living room with a sofa, chair with foot rest, and several other items of decoration and furniture in it.
A bathroom with a toilet, television and bathtub in it. 
A view of a bedpost, desk, two windows, and a computer.
a cat that is sitting next to a t.v.
The computer is turned off and the desk is clean and organized. 
A messy hotel room with the closet light on and TV playing.
a cat sitting in a living room looking at a television
A brown kitchen filled with metallic appliances and lots of counters.
A man is using a laptop at the desk in a motel room.
a desk with a laptop and a mouse 
The living room has a large screen television and entertainment center at one end.
A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.
a cat laying on a desk with its paw on the computer mouse
a red motorcycle on a white display stage surrounded by people
Two young men sitting at a cluttered counter together
A bedroom with several suitcases and garbage on the floor. 
a huge monitor sits on a desk with a bunch of papers
A doll house with an upstairs and downstairs.
The screen inside the building shows images that resemble clouds
A picture of a room with two beds with mirrors behind them
A living room with furnishings and a wood burning stove.
a child sitting at a table in a chair next to a plate of food
A flat screen TV sitting next to a wooden table.
A man that is standing in front of a television.
A flat screen TV sitting next to a Christmas tree.
A bed sitting in a living room next to a wall.
A workstation with a bunch of clutter and computers on it.
Messy computer desk with sketch pad being used for mouse pad
A black and white cat holds his paw up to a television set.
Two women are in a kitchen baking together.
a laptop a phone a lamp a fan and a monitor
A cat is in a dimly lit room on a bed.
A woman walking down the street with an umbrella.
A clock rests along the wall of a room.
a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse sit on a table.
A television and a laptop computer in a room.
A woman stands near a very cluttered office desk.
two guys playing a video game using wii motes 
Some friends are having fun playing a game on a video game console. 
A cubicle desk outfitted with telephone, computer monitor, and personal items.
A kitchen and a living room behind it.
A laptop and computer monitor sit adjacent to one another on a desk top.
Black and white cat sitting on book shelf next to the tv
Two children in a room playing video games
Two flat computer keyboards laying on a table
Two women standing next to each other in a living room.
A view from a hotel suite bedroom showing the couch and coffee table.
A group of boys, two wearing boy scout uniforms, dine in a cafeteria.
A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
A desktop computer monitor sitting next to a keyboard.
Two people look at each other as they play Wii in their living room.
A living room and dining room with a Christmas tree on display. 
a living room with a lit fireplace and dim lights
A young man & woman interact with a flat screen television.
A vase sitting on a kitchen table surrounded by chairs next to a living room.
some people are sitting on a chair that looks like a book
A cat sits on top of a television set.
Two people in front of a screen with a Wii remote.
A beautiful room with nice furniture in it.
A table that has an ink stamp on it, next to two bottles of wine and a computer and desk behind it.
A sitting room with a window, leather couches, computer desk, and dining table.
Man looking confusingly at remote in a quaint, modest apartment.
A lap top open with a blue spiral desktop.
A room is full of a collection of various items.
some large billboards standing on the side of some tall buildings
A keyboard, mouse, and computer monitor on a desk.
A laptop and computer monitor sitting on a desk.
a man playing a video game in his living room.
The teddy bear looks like he is surfing the internet.
A computer desk with an old pc and lots of clutter.
A wooden floor that has a coffee table with a book and candles and a brown sofa.
A crowd watches a young man use a guitar video game remote.
A very nice big TV that is on in a corner.
A bedroom with a fireplace, bed, armchairs, and window blinds.
a table with a screen on it and a mouse
THERE IS A DESK TOP ON THE DESK 
A laptop computer next to a flatscreen television.
A cat sitting on a table in a living ro
a bedroom filled with furniture, microwave and bikes with someone laying on the bed
A woman with a large crate in the room is using a vacuum to clean her floor.
A dark living room with a coach and chairs
A computer sits on a desk next to some shelves. 
Large computer monitor sitting next to a laptop display. 
A child in a living room is swinging a bat.
A room with a large television and other furniture.
A flat screen TV in an industrial kitchen. 
A cat lies on a cluttered computer desk in front of two monitors.
a desk with two laptops a keyboard and a monitor
Several empty desks sit in a empty classroom.
Two guys watching television in a common room
A couple of men standing in a room by televisions.
All four of those pictures contains a keyboard.
A cat with a pink fedora draped over it and another cat stand on a desk.
A cat is standing in front of a television watching it. 
The red white and blue lights hang over the balcony.
A cat is standing on a box in front of the TV.
A couple of students sitting at a table finishing there lunches.
A cat sits on a computer desk with two monitors and a laptop.
A woman sitting at a computer desk in front of a computer.
Two men standing near each other playing wii
This is a living room with a black, white, and maroon colored tile floor. 
Family eating a meal in a restaurant with 2 different colored walls. 
Computer desk with a lamp light and lava lamp.
a tv remote turned toward the tv with it on 
Cat looking around television with dog on it
A living room with a flat screen TV next to a couple of chars.
A cat that is laying upside down on a keyboard.
a group of people have a good time in front of a table with food on it 
A tennis match being broadcast on a television in a living room.
A living room with a window facing another building.
A living room has sofas, chairs and a tv stand
A young woman is playing with a video game.
A hand holding a remote control aimed at a flat screen TV.
A living room sits with furnishing and a view of the city.
A man and woman play Wii while a man enthusiastically watches.
A man sits at a desk doing work on a computer. 
A living area features a couch, white coffee table, several chairs, a picture and a television set.
Passengers waiting patiently for their flight at the airport terminal
A kitchen with a beige and white island and a window over looking the backyard. 
a small television on top on a dresser
a group of people staring a camera while one eats some food 
Two men are playing a game with controllers in a living room.
A chair sitting next to a white counter with a TV on it.
Two children are laying in bed reading a book.
A stainless steel bathroom with toilet and television
a plate with a knife two tomatoes and a yellow laptop
Four people, three electronic devices, a little conversation
The cell phone is in front of a computer monitor.
Televison eclipsed from behind by sunlight coming through window.
Men at an office appear confused by a presentation.
A well kept living room with the TV showcasing a doughnut ad.
A pizza sitting in its box on top of a stove.
a desk with a laptop and two monitors
The large bull is walking outside of the house of a man in bed. 
A living room with a chair table and wooden shutters
two people in suits talking indoors with other people near by
A kitchen with a wooden floor and metallic refrigerator.
A man sitting on a couch and watching television.
Bright couches with fireplace and wood floors in living room
A group of people are gathered at a table.
Desk in an apartment surrounded by anime memorabilia.
a woman is sitting on a coach with a laptop
The phones and other electronic devices beneath table with keyboard and mouse.
A room with a couch and television in it.
a male skateboarder in a blue jacket and a skateboard 
A boy posing for a picture with his scooter.
A hotel room that has a seaside view and a cream color scheme.
A hotel room with flat screen tv and two chairs 
a man waiting for the train at the station
Two large beds in hotel room and a large mirrored wall behind.
A group of people congregate around a baggage carousel
A living room with a couch, television, table and windows. 
Sitting room with couch and entertainment system in cabinets.
A very cute cat laying on a long table.
There are doctors performing an operation with instruments
Cat sleeping in a box on a desk top.
A cake is placed in the middle of the table
A gray cat sleeping on the table next to a bottle
Modernity at its finest complete with a work station and hardwood floors.
crowed room with bookshelf, refrigerator and garbage can
A chair sits in a room between a television and door.
a room with an electric rotating fan near furniture
Pots and utensils hanging from the ceiling in a kitchen with an oven, microwave and dishwasher.
A room that is well clean and organized filled with furniture. 
Old television sitting on a sofa remnant on the sidewalk
The room is dimly lit by three lamps.
The computer is being taken apart on a desk.
A young person standing in front of a TV holding a game controller.
A small living room has a couch and tv
2 plates of food, 2 goblets, and a bottle of wine on the living room table.
Set of stairs going up to a second level in front of windows.
An un-occupied living room with a book shelve filled with many books.
A studio apartment with a bed, a table, and a kitchen area.
A picture taken out of a vehicle of a man sitting outside beside a tv.
A living room with a couch and chair and TV.
A yellow room with a large service desk.
Laptop and monitor displayed on white desk in small area.
The TV sits on a shelf higher than the bed.
Cat lying next to grey and green folding bike.
A living room has a couch, a chair, and a television.
A desk holding a computer, keyboard, scanner and printer.
A man making faces while his daughter fiddles with his hair.
A parallax image of a living room made from multiple images.
The inside of a vehicle which displays a GPS and the view of a busy city
The remainders of a cut cake sits on a table.
A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
Hand holding up a cell phone, that seems turned off.
a room with a place to light a fire
A desk with a chair, monitors and a keyboard.
The view of a bathroom with a clear glass wall showing the bedroom on the other side.
A person is behind the counter at a cafe
Bed with an orange pillow in the middle against wall next window and table.
A cat sits on top of a television while pawing at the screen.
An open living room has a wicker rocking chair.
A room has a TV and many decorations.
a cat is looking up at a television
A living room filled with furniture and a large window.
A messy bedroom with the bed on the lfoor
there is a woman and two small children together on a couch
A little girl holding an object next to a bird.
Two young boys in front of a television playing a video game.
One boy is sitting while another boy is standing in their living room.
A dog watching rabbits on a television screen
a computer with a big monitor next to a laptop 
A image taken from outside of a room with a leather chair. 
A row of computers sit on top of the desks.
A young playing Wii and watching the screen closely.
A bedroom with a bed and other furniture and decor. 
A man standing in a living room while holding a guitar.
The scientific calculations are verified by more than one source.
A computer desk sits in the corner next to a dresser.
A vividly decorated hotel room with multiple beds
Living room with couch, chair, tv, and lamp.
People sitting in front of laptops in a lecture hall.
A desk lamp shines brightly on a computer, mouse and keyboard.
Man and woman choosing dessert from buffet counter near stove hood.
A bedroom desk with a Chicago picture near it.
there s a man making a angry face standing in the kitchen
A living room with a couch chair and tables
a cabinet a chair a picture some drawers and a television
A small computer screen is open to a flickr account
A little boy is happy to be playing a game with the girl.
A desk with a desktop computer with two keyboards and two mouses.
A tv stand with a tv and many books sitting on it . 
A bed with a purple headboard sits in a dimly lit bedroom.
A little boy plays with two umbrellas in his living room.
A living room area with a white fireplace and striped furniture.
None of the furniture seems to match each other.
A little girl is sitting on a bed with pillows.
a bunch of people are sitting at a table eating
The television in the room is turned off.
a family room and small kitchen with laundry machine
Three computers sit next to each other on a table. 
a girl in a striped shirt leaning up against a wall.
A cat asleep on the TV stand with the television on.
Cat lying next to keyboard and computer mouse on desk.
a desk with a monitor and books on it
there is a plate of shrimp and salads and a cup of water
A bunch of old school video games sitting  in a play room.
a cat laying on a big couch watching tv
A guy and girl celebrating an occasion with a cake with chocolate frosting and 1 candle.
A living room with an attached bedroom divide by a gate.
a guy sitting in a chair  holding a wine glass 
a fake kitchen area with a tv and a counter
A desk with two monitors, a keyboard, a mouse, and a binder. 
An office work station with a window view.
A messy living room complete with a couch and television.
A living room with a lit holiday tree standing in a corner.
A man in a suit and tie standing in front of a power point slide. 
A large pile of luggage sitting in a line at an Airport check in.
A bed with a tan bed spread by a television
A room with a TV and stuffed animals as well as a couch and a red door.
An old man plays a game on a tv set
A bathroom messy bathroom counter with towels on it and a tv on the wall.
A bull tethered by the ring in his nose as part of an indoor animal display.
A den with couches, chairs, a table and a television.
The small room has a desk along one wall
A brown and black cat sitting on a blue block with a television in the background.
A living room and dining table in an apartment.
A keyboard sits in the foreground and a television in the background. 
Two women hold controllers as they play a video game.
Two people playing a video game in front of the TV.
Woman looking out the window from an upper floor living room.
two people wearing suits on tv sitting behind a desk
A desk with a computer monitor and keyboard, and set of audio speakers behind the monitor.
A dog that is sitting in front of a television.
A group of people sitting around a table and standing in the room.
A woman talking on a cell phone while laughing.
A room that has two green cushioned chairs with wooden legs and arms and a television and stereo to the side.
A room filled with furniture and other decor. 
A man watching a show on the television.
An apartment with an open floor plan,  that also has a raspberry, peach and white motif, include an ornamental ceiling, a patterned floor,  a tightly arranged sitting  and desk area with a wide screen television and two small separate eating areas.  
Two women facing a window in a large ladies bathroom
A mac laptop with a number of various stickers on top.
A desk with two monitors, a keyboard and keys on it.
there is a panoramic view of a small bedroom
A cat that is laying near a computer.
Woman in a santa hat plays with a Wii-mote. 
A teddy bear is looking at fishes on the computer monitor
A man using his computers with onlookers watching.
A essy computer room with a fish picture.
A man and a woman sitting on a couch with a little boy.
A dog watching another dog on a television at home
There are a few computers left on, on the desk.
A laptop open with a picture and a tv that's on.
A living room with a TV and clock in it. 
A man in blue shirt standing by a computer with a monitor on wall.
A TV monitor in the tile of a bathroom wall above the bathtub faucet. 
There are many different laptop computers around the table.
Laptop computer in room full of electronic equipment.
A living room with white and brown furniture next to a fire place.
A small kitchen features a small wooden table with two chairs.
Construction materials laying in the middle of a living room floor. 
Plates of salads and fruits are lined up on a counter. 
Two computers that were left running sitting on a big table.
A couple of young children playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
The cat is sitting on top of the keyboard. 
It's a Nintendo Wii break in this office on most workdays.
Outdoor booth with people playing Wii Tennis in it.
Small children are playing a video game while others watch.
People watch as a man plays a boxing video game in a building
The front door of the house is in front of a stair case leading up. 
there is a desk with a computer on it
Two guys that are in a barbershop, one is in a chair..
A kitchen viewed from one side with a sitting room in the background. 
The living room has couches, a television, a table, and a blue ball.
A computer desk topped with a computer and a keyboard.
a toy set of a bear sitting at a desk
Three people proudly holding up plates with pizzas.
A man pointing a Wii remote at his console. 
A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A man looking at a computer game on the counter
A living room has a fireplace and bookcases in it.
A teenage boy in a food court eating a sandwich.
Close up shot of a cat in front of a computer monitor
A home office with  phone and a book on a desk.
A man in front of a television playing a game.
A living room with sleek  furniture and tv on the wall.
A desk with a Mac computer, a lamp, and other things on it.
Some kind of control room with a bunch of monitors.
Group of people standing inside a beauty salon together. 
There is a small child sitting on the sofa in the living room
A home studio is set up for music, video and web usage.
A large flat screen TV sitting in a room next to a desk.
Someone projecting a video onto a bathroom mirror.
Plastic chairs and a table with a yellow lamp, and a flat screen tv  on a n entertainment stand.
A young boy holding a remote control standing in front of a TV.
Two women standing and playing a video game on a television.
a man stands in a living room with a television and couch inside of it 
There is a woman letting a baby pull at her hair
A man playing on a game system in his living room.
An open umbrella attached to a desk indoors. 
A living room filled with wood flooring and a flat screen TV mounted to it's wall.
A cat sitting on a desk between the keyboard and monitor of a computer.
A small bedroom with a twin bed and a computer desk.
A woman sits at a table in a diner with a small white and green birthday cake in front of her
Interior view of control room for television with numerous devices and controls
A person using a mouse while sitting in front of a computer.
a blue laptop is next to a small television screen
A TV room is shown with a white sectional couch, and a fireplace.
A living room with a large clock, tv and some recliners
A picture of a laptop with a red light on it.
A man and woman playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
Young adults playing with a Nintendo Wii in room
a pizza and a glass of wine besides on a wooden table
Guy pulls the protective wrapping off a new tv
A man is seated on an airplane watching a tv.
A person holding an iced donut in front of a tv.
A person holds up a glass of wine while sitting in front of a tv.
A small Tv sits on the window sill in front of a gray sectional sofa set, in a room with wooden floors.
a man sits on a bed with a bunch of computers on it 
A man holding up a Wii remote control in his hand.
Pen and paper on desktop with computer equipment.
a living room with a couch some chairs and a tv
A room that has windows, a television, a table and chairs. 
A person laying on a bed watching TV that is in an amoire.
A very big nice looking room with many windows.
There is a flat screen tv and a wii consume under neath jt
A beautiful young blonde dressed in a tennis outfit.
Two yellow pieces of squared luggage are pictured.
A cat watching the screen of a tv while sitting on the floor.
A TV sitting on top of a wooden table near a remote.
A small desk has a computer monitor and other electronics.
Two elderly ladies in a house with a dog
Television monitor in room with many items displayed.
A TV room with a rolling cart full of books.
a man sitting with his cat inside of the house
A living room with two red chairs on front of a television set.
She is holding a large cake to congratulate someone.
Black dog lying on area rug next to television.
A child uses a pretend guitar to play a video game.
Person sitting down in front of a white computer looking at the screen. 
A family playing interactive videos games at holiday time.
Two guys are playing a video game while a cat watches.
Two women sitting on a couch working on their laptop computers.
Two men drink wine with their eyes closed.
A living room contains various baby objects and a TV
Picture of what might be a TV remote control and a distorted picture in the front.
Two monitors and two keyboards sitting on a table.
a little yellow toy next to a mouse and screen
A desk with computers and other  miscellaneous objects.
A man holding a game controller in front of a flat screen TV.
A television sitting on top of a television stand. 
The desk has a laptop and monitor screen with a keyboard.
Three people that are looking at a monitor on the left side of the photo. 
A person holds a remote and points it toward a TV with a large flower pot wit colorful flowers in it
An action figure is one one side of an alarm clock and a Barbie doll is sleeping on top of a slipper that is on top of the alarm clock and another Barbie doll and Ken doll are holding on to the alarm clock.
a cat stiing by a desk with a paw on a keyboard 
There is the job dude of a office with desk
A desk contianing a computer monitor, telephone, modem, CD drive, and a cat above a keyboard drawer containing a keyboard and a mouse which is above a tangle of wires and next to a bed.
A man and woman standing in front of a television.
older man playing video game in living room
There is a monitor, keyboard, mouse and laptop on the desk. 
Elderly man happily cutting into a goodbye cake. 
A desktop computer, extra monitor, television, and laptop are arranged in a workstation.
Small refrigerator with laptop on top next to wooden desk.
a person wearing a blue button up shirt pushing a cart
Desktop and laptop computers on tables in a room.
A book that is on a desk next to a computer. 
this is a black cat next to a screen
A computer with several monitors is seen on this desk.
Three computer screens that are on a desk.
a hotel room with 2 beds a tv a dresser a desk and a chair
A hotel room with luggage on the bed
A cat curled up in a ball sleeping comfortably
a young woman is playing with a red umbrella
A black computer monitor on a wooden table.
Small office workspace with multiple computer monitors and office equipment. 
There is a sign with a menu on it.
A desk with a computer screen, phone, can of energy drink and books. 
A laptop with a debate between two team split on the screen.
An office space with multiple computers ready to use. 
the back of a large apple monitor and its wires
A small television is stacked on top of books.
this bathroom has all wooden closets and cabinets
A room with furniture and a wood bar stretching across.
An ergonomic computer keyboard sits on the edge of the desk
A living room with a fire place and a book shelf.
A living room with plain furniture and a tv
A mini refrigerator next to a television set
 a living room filled with brown furniture
A cat sitting on top of a desk and on a computer. 
A cozy room features a couch with a white cover a table with a keyboard and monitor and a white table as well as two shelves.
The computer desk with two keyboards has many electronics underneath it.
A cat is walking on a desk with a computer monitor on it.
Several people are attending a class at a lecture hall.
An old tv sits atop a white refrigerator.
A couch and table in a large room.
three men on computers having a discussion with each other
A desktop computer and a laptop on a desk.
A messy computer desk with a pull out shelf for mouse and keyboard
The woman and man are playing video games together. 
A couple of men wearing suits and ties.
A desk with a computer and a laptop on it.
Sleeping quarters with a small bed and television
Two people on tennis court with crowd of people watching.
a brown and white dog a table a television and some books
a small boy standing on a rug in the living room
A chef waving for the camera, in a kitchen.
An empty kitchen with empty dark wooden cabinets.
two kittens are sitting on papers on a desk
A cabin's den with hardwood walls and entertainment system
A man standing in a room with an aquarium 
A woman standing in front of a t.v. holding a Wii controller
A view of a man working with studio equipment in a studio, 
a car sitting on a desk next to a computer.
A well furnished living space with a stove in the corner.
a teddy bear in a starbucks uniform sitting in front of a computer monitor 
A very big nice looking living room with a white couch.
a small bedroom with luggage and a tv
a bar area with a freezer of beverages in it
A woman laying in a hospital b ed next to medical device.
The contemporary living room has clean lines and furnishings.
A laptop with the browser on a Flickr page. 
A room in a house with a mini fridge, microwave and a television.
A living room with green couches and a tall fern plant in a corner. 
Three people lounge in a living room in front of the television.
shelves with books a television set a table a cat and a clock
A living room has a patio with a table on it.
A living area with sofa, chairs and people on deck.
a person in a white shirt and a black car and a video game
Two computer monitors with one key board and mouse.
there is paneling on the wall in this living room.
A open living and dining room with wood flooring. 
A cameraman filming a man giving a presentation on a computer.
A man is holding a Wii controller and standing in front of a TV.
a person standing up in a living room playing nintendo wii
a white cat is sitting next to a green plate with a half of sandwich
A computer processor, monitor, keyboard and mouse on a table.
a desk with a laptop and a keyboard and a mouse
A cat sitting on a stack of electronics next to a television.
Queen Elizabeth of England on a television screen.
An open laptop sits on a wood desk next to a cell phone and a glass of liquor.
A living room that has a cat on the couch.
a desk with a lap top and a flower on top of it.
A living room with furnitre, rugs, accessories, and a fireplace.
A living room with the TV showing Final Fantasy scenes.
one lady is on the computer one is digging through a backpack there's a  man on the phone and another man on a computer 
Workspace with a computer, office phone, books and files.
a dual screen computer on a desk in a room
A cat playing around on a computer desk near a TV and laptop. 
A doorway  frames a telescopic view from a far off space with a multi-paned door, a chest of drawers and an oval rug on a wooden floor, up to a yellow room that has an oriental rug, chair, standing lamp, a widescreen T.V.,leather bench and ottoman.
a desk with a desktop computer and a laptop computer
A table with three small children sitting at it. 
Chairs, a table, a desk and a dresser accompanied by a television decorate a den.
A person laying on a bed while watching television.
A photo of an inside of a biscuit is being held up with a well manicured hands.
A computer desk with a dvd shelf next to it.
Two people play with the Wii game system in front of a TV.
Several people that are playing video games together.
Two young girls laying on a floor watching tv
Men sitting and standing at desks in a room.
Cluttered home work space with many electronics splayed.
A man smiles while standing next to a very large pizza.
A sunny, neat bedroom with a small home office in the corner.
There are some computers set up on a bare wooden desk
Woman in red shirt working on a laptop and on her cellphone. 
A man with a wine glass is with a man in a red shirt.
a brightly colored window on a dark street 
A cat is next to a television with video games by it.
A tv in a living room, with a book shelf next to it.
People at a party standing and sitting watching tv.
a kitchen filled with chairs, a microwave, a sink and an oven
a man that is staring into the camra
Two women play a game on a video game console
The coffee table in the living room has a hookah on it.
A living room scene with a television and couch.
Two young children play a Wii game in front of a television.
A cat sitting and watching television in a room with white walls.
A person holding a Wiimote as they create a game avatar.
An empty classroom with four unoccupied desks and writing on a chalkboard.
A modern kitchen with wood and white accents. 
A den with a chair, lamp, speakers and a television.
A hospital bed is in the upright position while a laptop sits open.
A view of a TV in a bunch of seaweed, near the ocean.
A large room features a bed with a red cover, a television set, a black table and a white kitchen area.
Members of a sports team cutting a celebratory cake.
A living room with lots of furniture next to a  doorway.
A display of an older computer in a metal glass case possibly at a museum.
There is a room with an ocean scene on the walls.
guys in a living room playing a wii bowling game
A girl putting a hot dog up into her mouth.
a dog hiding under the wooden desk and chair
two men playing video games in the kitchen
The boy gives a "thumbs up" in front of the computer screen.
A simple living room with a panda on the coffee table.
A tiny college dorm room with a single bed, computer desk, bookshelves, a microwave, and Japanese artwork.
A magazine is lying on a cluttered desk.
An overhead view of a living room with wooden flooring.
A picture of a freshly made bed in a hotel room.
A clean, modern living room with furniture and flat screen tv
Group of people watching TV on two screens.
A computer lays on top of a dimly lit desk. 
A desk with a computer, scanner and a printer.
A wall with a door with coats on it in the center, chest with a painting on it to the right, and a stand with a tv on it to the left
A pictures of a white painted bedroom with a bed, desk, and computer monitor mounted on the wall.
A living room with couch, chairs and a table.
Several young men sitting on the floor holding a cake, while four others stand behind them.
People are around a dining room table with dishes on it.
The cat is laying a top the dresser.
The computer on the desk was left on. 
A kitchen with a set table and a plant in the middle of the floor
A personalized work space with a computer and bulletin board in a office. 
A work station is set up with dual monitors and other electronics.
Living room with dark brown curtain and 2 brown couches with lamp lamps with wood bases.
A toilet bowl with no lid and a computer monitor on the ground.
a cat really close to a tv touching the screen
Many people are sitting in a convention watching a presentation.
Full coffee cup sitting next to a computer keyboard and mouse. 
An office cubicle with a bunch of blue landscape photos
a computer sits in a recording studio at night
A picture of a full living room with a woman lying on the couch reading.
A couple of computer monitors in work space.
A bedroom with a nice carpet next to a bed and pillows.
Two desktop computer monitors on top of a wooden desk.
A man is sitting on the floor and a little girl is climbing under a table.
The bedroom has a desk with a chair next to the television.
A room containing a computer, lamps, chair, books, and a desk.
A typical living room with sofa, coffee table and TV with a kitchen in the background.
A room is lit from three bright monitors on a desk.
A hotel room with two full sized beds.
The tv screen features several popular movie titles.
Several laptops and computers on the floor of a dark room
Bathroom sinks and a mirror lit by sunlight coming through a small window.
A desktop computer has two keyboards and two mice.
A cluttered room with desks and chairs in it
SIX ADULTS STANDING AROUND A TV WATCHING SOMETHING
A bedroom with a small wooden desk topped with an open laptop computer and a monitor.
A room with log walls has a couch, chair, fireplace, and television.
the computer is on a wooden computer desk.
A marker that is sitting in front of a keyboard.
The back of a television that is sitting next to a desk and by a window.
A boy playing wii bowling in a living room
A living room with a flatscreen TV and two red sofas.
The young woman is hiding in the corner under a basket.
A traveler pulls a wheeled suitcase past a baggage carousel.
A bedroom with a laptop and tv on shelves.
Living area with cat looking out window and second cat nearby.
a living room with a couch an easel and a tv 
An empty living room with a couch, chair lamps and TV.
A living room is lit by open window curtains.
A laptop computer is sitting on top of a book.
there is a not book and a desk top on this table
A bunch of electronics and writing utensils displayed on a bedroom floor. 
A silver refrigerator next to two silver ovens.
Bathroom area with multiple sinks and mirrors with television reflected.
There are many people walking on the busy downtown street.
A living room filled with furniture and a window.
A small yellow office with a tiny computer.
A woman and a boy watching a television set in a big room.
A visitors desk with a vase with sunflowers in it.
People in a darkened room among several lit screens.
A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A bed sitting on top of a hard wood floor.
there is a orange tabby sitting at a computer desk
A couch sitting in front of a TV near a window.
A man is sitting at a desk looking at the car on the back of his chair.
The office space is clean and ready for the workers use
Person with feet propped up on desk and a slice of pizza in a plate.
a bed is in the middle of a room
a desk with a keyboard a mouse and monitors
A woman standing in front of a TV next to a window.
A cat is resting on a desk next to a computer
A couple of men standing next to each other with food.
Small child sitting in front of a television holding a controller. 
A keyboard, iPads and recording equipment on a desk.
A father sitting on the floor reading a book to his toddler child.
The people are playing video games together in the room. 
A banana sitting next to a desk top computer monitor.
A group of people waiting for luggage at an airport
A cluttered desk with a computer monitor and phone.
Two people playing an interactive Wii like video game on a television.
A man smiles as he looks at something on his phone. 
a desk with two computer sitting on it .
A picture of a very big couch in a room.
A nice empty house is laid out for the guests
A large screen hands on a wall as two open laptops sit on a table.
A woman photographing a television located in a swank bathroom.
A couple of women watching a projection screen.
A black chair and remote facing a wall of televisions.
Living room setting with leather couches and recliner.
A group of people in a large room playing a video game.
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
this is a desk with a few monitors on it
Some people gathered around a big display with a TV.
We are looking past a speaker at a monitor.
a sunny living room with two big windows on the side
a red and black suitcase a table a couch and a picture
A living room with a wooden table covered in a green table cloth.
A horse with a woman standing beside the horse in a fenced in area
A kitchen has white cabinets and a black countertop.
Man standing in a living room in front of a cupboard.
A woman standing next to another woman in front of a TV.
People at a business presentation standing and talking at a table.
a black chair a white desk two monitors and a computer
A large living room with the tv on.
a bunch of books are on the walls inside
There is a projection screen set up in the living room.
Laptop atop a table in a living room.
An umpire makes a call at a baseball game.
A person is holding what looks to be a picture of a train.
A store that sells oranges and different types of pastries
A cat laying near a computer on a cluttered desk.
A living room with sheets covering the couch 
5 female friends around restaurant table, two on cell phones.
an all white living room with brick wall
A living room area with two chairs and a couch. 
two gentlemen playing a game against each other 
A dog is resting on a plump chair.
A desk with a torn chair, keyboard, monitor and mouse.
A cat sitting on a table with a tv on behind it.
A cat on a cable box connected to a television.
 Desk with three computer screens and some iPads on it
A collection of furniture in a living room.
A man sitting at his desk with a hat on and a sticker on his shirt that says dork 
A living area with with chairs, counter and a television.
A large red ball sitting under a computer desk.
A dog is turning his head sideways at the camera.
Cat is sitting on a desk in the middle of quite a few random items.
A decorative item setting on a stand .
A large clock sitting on a chair in front of a television.
A desk top computer next to a keyboard and a guitar in a room.
Open window letting in light into a white kitchen. 
a cat is looking at a television with birds on it
Two women playing a video game in a living room.
A modern style room with muted colors and soft lighting.
A laptop is on a desk hooked up to a keyboard and monitor.
A living room in a high rise with a picture of a cat mounted to the wall
A man is smiling in front of his desk with multiple computers.
A laptop sits on a desk along with 2 monitors.
A television hangs on a wall in a dark room.
A young boy sitting on the floor in front of a television.
A person is holding up a television remote.
An old dilapidated room with with a variety of items inside.
A boy holding a controller playing a video game.
Several people standing in front of TV's with wii remotes in their hands.
A living room has a bookshelf piled with books.
some people sitting in chairs playing a video game
A nice big living room with a big fireplace.
A keyboard and a guitar are near a computer.
A person is playing a game with a controller.
Image from laptop being projected onto a large screen above.
There is a laptop and a computer on the desk.
There is brown furniture inside of the wooden house.
A man is sitting at a bar with a bottle of beer.
A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
An orange tabby cat sits on the floor while looking up at a large television that is playing a cartoon.
A small TV is seen sitting on a table. 
A desk that has a laptop, computer monitor, and a cup on it.
A little girl in a high chair eating cheerios and milk
A book shelf with a cordless phone next to a monitor.
Several men in a room with brick walls watch a screen while one man holds a remote.
A man wearing glasses sitting in a room holding a phone in his hand.
A room with a bed, television, a lamp and chairs in it. 
A clean, organized room with a fireplace and TV.
Two boys playing a video game beside a window.
A dining table with a glass, a basket of round balls and a book sitting on the table.
a big t.v. that  has a cat sitting next to it
Two men standing in a living room area in front of a television and playing a video game together.
A man looks inside from the patio into his living room.
A cat is sitting on a television with a fish on it.
This ultra modern room includes a white retro couch and a wood coffee table.
a person shopping in a wine store with tiled floors
The room has a large television set for us to watch. 
A television, couches, table and a remote controller.
A small kitten is standing on books and binders.
The living room is decorated in a contemporary style.
A king sized bed in a spacious bedroom with hardwood floors.
a living room with two white couches, a fireplace and a window with a view
A room that is filled with movies on the shelf.
There are three little boys sitting on the couch.
A woman is sitting and smiling at the camera.
A television with long antennas sits on a table near a bed and bookshelf. 
LADY WITH A BIG SMILE LOOKING AT THE TV
Small white laptop sitting on top of a wooden computer desk. 
The room is clean and ready for guests to use.
a room with a dining table close to a chair 
a room with a desk and a cat in a chair 
A room with a television, a vase, two suitcases and a trunk. 
A room with brick walls and red furniture. 
This is a cluttered but well organized bedroom.
A table has a television and some plants on top of it.
This room only has a couple of chairs and an old tv
A man at a meeting typing on a laptop.
two cats in a close embrace on the floor
a man is playing video games on a television
A Baseball game is currently being showed on the TV. 
A woman sitting at a desk in a room.
a monitor that is on a big white counter
A living room, equipped with a couch, area rug, coffee table, and tv set.
A desk has a black chair near it and a monitor and laptop on it.
A desktop with a number of things to eat and a computer.
a man that is holding some kind of present he got
The boy and the girl are playing a video game in the living room.
a plate of food with a cup with a drink in it beside it
a person sitting on a couch with a nintendo wii remote 
A room of children and adults petting dogs.
A cat sitting on a desk between a keyboard and computer monitor.
Grey and white cat standing on top of a grey box. 
A man points at a screen while people look at open laptops. 
A computer set up with two monitors and ipods
A christmas tree is lit up and next to the fire place
A living room made in soft green colors.
Roomful of people at a conference with their breakfast on the table.
A man who is holding a small laptop and smiling.
A small white living room with sofa and lunge chair
A man sitting at a desk working on one laptop,while surrounded by other laptops and one full sized monitor.
a stand that has all kinds of boxes on it
Two guys sitting next to an old computer screen.
A glass desk with a large computer monitor.
A bed with a floral and satin comforter and wooden frame.
Three computer screens shine from the top of a desk.
We are looking at a neon sign with a clock in the center.
A black cat lying down next to a keyboard.
The teddy bear appears to be alone in the big room.
A group of people sitting in a room.
A home office area with many pictures on the wall
The hotel room is clean and ready for guests to use.
a table that has a large computer on top of it
A small room decorated as a office with desk, chair and computer and windows for natural light.
A class room full of adults watching a screen
a fire hydrant with a smashed up tv resting on top
A computer desk has papers and a computer on it
a cat on top of a luggage bag on the ground 
A person works at a computer in the desk area of a living room.
This desk has a one computer and two laptops on it.
Airplane seats are showing monitors for each person.
A desk in a cubicle with office supplies on it.
A man sitting in front of a small flat screen tv.
A sun room with a beautiful view and a brown sofa.
a living room with a leather couch and a telelvision
Numerous electronic items from different eras on a table. 
a home office with laptop, printer, scanner, and extra monitor
An old television is sitting on the sidewalk.
A man eating sushi at a table set for two.
The room has white walls with a blue trim
A kitchen table with chairs, next to a den with a couch and television.
a living room with couches and a coffee table
A living room with a Wii remote sitting on the sofa.
A living room with white sofas, a fireplace, and a large window.
Three males lounging and watching TV with no shoes
there are many military woman at this table
The bar is crowded with people during the evening. 
A group of people sitting at desk using computers.
An cluttered office desk with computers and electronics.
The pair of cell phone holding young ladies were dressed in blue uniforms.
A woman standing on a skateboard inside an office.
A wooden desk that has a Apple desktop computer on it and a cellular phone on a mouse pad.
A cozy living room with a nice flat screen tv
A living room with furniture,windows, decor, and fan.
A person is standing inside of a fire damaged hotel room
In a room two boys are watching television while lying on bed.
A small tv sits in front of the bed
View from above of a living area and lining area.
Woman with two kids watching tv while eating
a man in the kitchen with his dog sniffing the floor
A coffee cup that is sitting on a table with a spoon in it.
the desk is shaped to fit in a corner
There is no image on this page to describe.
a living room with a couch and tv
A cat sitting next to a computer monitor on a desk.
A remote control viewed close-up with a television screen in the background. 
Framed poster-photograph of a Bristlecone Pine with text
A dog sits with his head cocked, looking at a television.
two children playing wii on living room television
desk with two desktop and two laptop computers.
A smiling man and woman hold a cell phone and computer cable.
Picture of living room furniture and a play area with cubes.
A computer on a neat desk with peripherals and an air can.
A view from above of a cozy, well-furnished living room.
Why would someone have a lap top sitting on a larger lap top?
A living room with lights and tv on 
a dining table with two open laptops sitting on top of it.
A little boy standing beside a table with a birthday cake that has candles in it
fish eye lens photograph of a man in his office
A television monitor sitting on a paved sidewalk.
A man standing at a counter next to other people.
there is a dresser that has a mirror and many things on it
A desk contains a computer monitor, keyboard and mouse.
Friends eating, drinking and playing Wii at a party
A large flat screen television is displaying a laughing baby.
A cat on a table watches a show on tv
There is a burning fireplace in the living room.
A person in a suit and tie looking unhappy.
A woman is playing an interactive video game. 
A cat sitting in front on a television with an image of a soccer game.
Three computers and a telephone on a desk.
A person with a hat sitting down with an instrument between their legs. 
A desk area that has a laptop computer that is resting on a stand made out of cardboard.
A nice size living room that is messy .
A  wooden shelf holding various video game consoles and controllers.
A desktop computer is next to a monitor with the same image on both. 
A motorcycle seen through a glass living room door.
A man lounges his feet on top of a cluttered desk.
A cat laying in front of a computer on a desk.
A room with a desk, tables, and television screens.
A young girl getting her hair brushed by an adult.
A smoky living room with a large bay window.
A large flat screen TV sitting in the corner of a room
A view of a man's hand on a keyboard and a cat asleep behind the keyboard. 
An office filled with multiple computers and a laptop.
A bathroom with a toilet and colorful walls. 
A worker in an overstock warehouse pushes a cart with merchandise. 
there are many different foods on top of this table 
A living room with a bike in front of french doors.
A man standing in a wine cellar with a glass of red wine in his hand
An empty blue bed sitting next to a small wooden table with an open laptop.
A living room with modern furniture and sleek interior decorating. 
A living room with a sofa, chairs, table and two large windows. 
A living room with couches, chairs, and tables.
Woman in a military uniform looking at bananas.
A couple of dogs on a bed in a room.
Desktop with various action figures and a computer monitor.
A bedroom with a bed, television, a desk and five chairs. 
A large television set is sitting on a dresser.
A truck is driving through a city intersection.
A wide view of an unoccupied house, kitchen in the foreground.
THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS PLAYING WITH WII 
A cat standing up to touch a flat screen TV
A white living room set with large window
An office space with cubicle dividers and a red wall.
A den with a chandelier, chairs, couch and a television.
a living room with a couch and a tv
people in a large meeting room watching a television
a living room with a bunch of appliances inside of it 
A woman making her wii character on a tv.
An old television is sitting on a book case.
A computer desk illumined by a lamp at night.
A living room with a sofa, chair and television.
A coffe table with a remote and a TV that is on.
Young boy playing video game while standing in living room.
A woman is working behind the counter 
A stove is in the middle of the kitchen counter and has an exhaust hood above it. 
A living room with wood floors, TV on, and a dog sitting on the couch.
An older man holding laptop posing next to a cartoon avatar.
The black dog sits watching another dog on the television screen.
A living room with a large screen television and brick walls.
A bedroom filled with a bed and a flat screen TV.
An image of a living area seen from a fish bowl lens
The cat walks on a table beside a small television.
The large kitchen has wooden cabinets and drawers.
A living room has three white couches and a television.
The living room has a sofa, chair, rug, and television.
A HP stand setup, with two people at it.
A small child plays bowling on the Nintendo Wii.
Dated furniture and a tv sit in a dining room vacant of chairs.
We are looking at a small living room/
The small dog is sitting on the overturned couch.
Little girl playing on the floor in a living room
Two desktops that are sitting on a desk.
A cat sits on a person's lap in front of a messy desk.
A laptop computer is joined by a tangle of colored wires and a computer monitor.
A living room in a well decorated house.
kitchen with wooden cabinets and stainless steel appliences
A cat watching a car race on television.
A black and white cat standing on its hind legs in front of a television
A dining car of a train with people seated in the furthest half, and none in closest half, with red bench seats, and tables with glasses and plastic beverage bottles, and yellow ceiling and walls, with white scalloped drape trim above the windows.
An open-concept office with laptops and console games arranged around a television and workers at desks.
A group of people in a living room, playing a video game
Small toy sheep sitting on top of a black chair. 
A living room with organized magazines on the living room table.
Two guys sit in a conference room playing a video game.
A young man seems to be laying on a blue pillow with an alarm on his head. 
A cat sitting in front of two computer screens.
Black and white closeup of a remote control and television.
A house cat sleeping on an entertainment stand.
A well designed entertainment area with a TV set to play a video game. 
A living room area with a red wall behind a television and black furniture.
Living room with two couches and flat screen tv over top fireplace
A living room with wooden floors and lots of furniture.
A man with a hat is sitting by a television.
A young lady and a young man standing in front of a TV.
Mirror above a white bed with reflection of a television. 
A lucky bamboo plant in a glass container with many rocks sitting on a table.
a man that is sitting in side of a house
Two girls stand in a living room playing a video game.
A picture of a family in a living room.
A flat screen TV sitting on top of a wooden counter.
A young man taking notes while looking at a computer screen.
a family eating the great american food, hotdogs 
A desk with laptop, mug, paper and a monitor.
A group of people eating pizza in a large room.
an image of a living room setting with wood floors
A couple of girls playing a game with remote controllers.
two guys playing a video game and three onlookers 
A small brown dog wearing a black tie.
A group of people is playing video games in a living room.
a desk with a bag and a bunch of other things sitting on the floor 
A living room with alot of open area.
People are standing in a room looking at a television screen.
A large living room with several items in it.
A room with two beds, a dresser drawer and flat screen TV. 
An old Apple computer with keyboard and a mouse.
Two people play an interactive video game in a living room.
an image of a tv that is stationed on the floor
People are looking at a computer with concern.
A room with a table, television, a person sitting on a couch and a cat standing in another room.
A very messy living room with a clear curtain.
The sign says London in front of the keyboard
a very nice room with beautiful crouch and a screen
A couple of monitors, keyboard and stationary items.
A messy living room has clutter everywhere and open drawers.
A desk with computers, monitors, keyboards and computer mice.
A mixture of computer monitors, keyboards, motems, and remotes.
A living room has chairs and a coffee table.
Cat laying on a keyboard looking over a scanner on a desk.
A desk contains a computer and many other things.
Two women are sitting and eating  while a dog watches them. 
a black and white cat is sitting between a keyboard and a monitor
a glass table in a green walled kitchen
A small living room with various furniture in it
People with laptops sitting in a semi-circle around a conference room.
A man is standing in a transformed garage which includes all of the kitchen amenities.
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sit on a wooden desk. 
A striped cat is sitting on a bed with a television in the background.
a model airplae sitting next to a computer monitor 
there is a dining room table with a red cloth and a vase with roses
A very nice looking room with a very bright window.
a person sitting at a table with a plate of food
A man dressed in business casual attire is alone in a room.
A stuffed penguin sits on an office desk beside a computer monitor.
A family gathers around a young boy standing in front of a birthday cake with lit candles.
An L-shaped desk covered in various computers and accessories. 
Two cats eating from bowls on the floor of a living room
Two men are standing in front of a television playing Wii.
several people sitting and standing around at a party.
A living room is shown with a tv and rugs.
A desk with laptops, a keyboard, a light and a monitor.
Awhile bunch of electronics and a big screen. 
a brown desk phone light keyboard and monitor
a woman placing post it notes on her wall
The interior of a living room with a fireplace and wood floors.
A dog holding a teddy bear lying on a bed.
A living room with a large flat screen tv and a chair.
Open plan living room, hallway, and dining area with furniture
a black white and gray dog a monitor and a laptop and keyboard
A large flat screen television mounted on a red wall. 
A cat lounges on a sofa in front of the television.
a woman using a pair of scissors on a wooden table
A young child tries to play with the pony on television
A cat sitting on a laptop in the sun
A room with lamp, desk, and computer in it.
close up of an orange face on a television set
A large frosted birthday cake on top of a yellow table.
There is a man and a dog next to each other on a couch.
There is a man sitting on a bed watching TV
A man with beard taking a photograph with a cellphone.
A bedroom with a desk, shelves, and a bed.
A can of soda on a desk near a computer
A living room with an arcade machine, television, and posters.
A computer work station including desk, keyboard, and monitor
A man is watching something on a big screen
Men drinking and playing a Wii while watching baseball.
three computer on a desk with a mouse and keyboard
A man sitting at a table with plates and a slice of pizza on each plate. 
A computer desk has the objects on it labelled with text.
a man sits in front of a keyboard and monitor
A bedroom with green curtains and small tv
A living room has wooden walls painted pink.
Two lap top and a computer monitor and keyboard and mouse is on top of a table.
Several stuffed animals are next to computer monitors.
The old fashioned bed is neatly made for guests.
A man is playing on his laptop with the TV on.
A home office with computer turned on and printer
New York City Time Square Center with traffic stopped as pedestrians walk by.
A small white computer and keyboard on a desk.
A black cat laying down on a chair next to a computer.
A person using an advanced universal remote control.
A shot of an Apple machine placed on oak ground. 
A den with couches, a table, book shelf and a television.
A messy computer desk with lots of DVD's.
A black and white photo of a dining room with a table
A couch sitting under a window on a hard wood floor.
A woman that is sitting down with a wine glass.
A large scree TV sits in the corner of a family room.
A small dog on the ground with a remote.
A man sitting on bed looking at a television and person in mirror.
A conference room full of people using laptop computers.
Blurred image of a living room, showing the television, couch and fireplace.
A living room with a large couch and a coffee table.
a living room full of wooden furniture and chairs
A human being is get in the stillness of the picture. 

A living room full of items like couches and televisions. 
White fluffy dog sitting in computer chair in front of computer
Black laptop sitting next to a black keyboard on a desk. 
Fisheye lens photograph of a living and study area 
Men smiling and playing a video game with others watch.
a silver oven and black stove and a television set 
A large room with a few chairs and tables .
Four men of Middle Eastern descent are sitting in a computer lab and all are on a computer.
A desk with white computer equipment on it.
A long table hosts a computer and other electronic devices.
An umbrella is up while indoors and a fireplace contains no fire pit.
a desk with a monitor and a laptop on it. Underneath is a woman's purse 
A man riding a bus with several bicycles parked near him.
Several laptop computers on a table with one guy using his.
Young woman on electric display device or mirror, brushing teeth with electric toothbrush.
A keyboard, some cables and an mini iPod
Two men at a desk, one packing bag, one sleeping.
A living area with chairs, television and a coffee table.
A living room filled with furniture and hard wood flooring.
This is a picture of a desk top with two computers on top of it
Person attempting to use the remote control for a television
Small sitting room with lots of seats and a big picture window.
An office with a nice view and containing a desk with three computers.
A kitty playing with the keyboard on a laptop
a living room with a television, rug and sitting chair
some furniture in a large living room area
A man bending over as another man attempts to kick his ass.
a living room that has some furniture in it
A bowl full of fruit next to two bunches of bananas.
The laptop has a very large keyboard to use.
Looking through the window of showroom at car dealership.
this office has a couch and also has glass doors
there is a dell computer that is on top of a desk
A DESK WITH A DESK TOP COMPUTER AND MOUSE WITH A CUP 
A room with four chairs and a televisions.
A dog stands up with his paws on a desk while a man sitting at the desk watches
Two people are playing a tennis video game on a projection screen.
A man with a hood on holds a remote in front of a television.
A very pretty living room with a computer.
A desk with two computers and mice sitting on top.
A nicely decorated bedroom with a corner desk area.
A long narrow kitchen includes a bright ceiling and back wall.
An empty computer chair with a computer on the desk. 
A man taking a photo of himself with a desk in the background.
A television that is sitting on top of a refrigerator.
A desk with a computer, a laptop, headphones and a telephone
A man is taking a picture of a man and woman.
a red lounge chair and a cabinet with blue vases on top
A man sitting on a couch holding a black and white dog.
A living room decorated with red couch and chair.
the bedroom is white and the bed is gray
The two clocks are beneath two monitors and in front of a keyboard. 
A cat lying on a desk with computers 
The room has three beds and it is a mess. 
A living room with a fireplace and television.
A desk with a laptop and two monitors.
A computer desk is covered with a binder, sunglasses, and other equipment.
A desktop computer with printer, tower, keyboard, speakers and mouse set up on a desk.
A person that is playing a video game.
A photograph of a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse.
Two huge cases sitting on a chair in an office.
A white cat is sitting in front of a television
A man with a video game remote standing in front of a television. 
Two young ladies using a computer at a library or lounge.
A computer and television sit on a hotel desk.
a teenager cheering that he won his wii bowling game
a bedroom with a bed and a television 
Desk with several computer components including a monitor with data visible on the screen
A living room is full of media and pictures.
a dog laying under the desk of a computer on top
A living room is shown with massive book shelves.
A dark living room has a backlit computer screen.
A black and white car laying on a desk by a laptop computer.
an image of man with a puppy in a tie
A person is holding their phone in front of some computer monitors.
A woman holding a green and white computer
A computer modem with a mouse in front of it.
Several people sitting in chairs with remotes in a room.
A basket weave design fireplace with a mantle next to a flat screen TV.
A lit fire place in a living room next to a TV.
A group of doctors in caps and white coats.
A bunch of electronics are sitting on a table. 
A desk has three computers and lots of computer accessories on it.
A bicycle that is parked next to a wall.
Someone's desk has a computer, a keyboard, some pens, a journal, and a cell phone on it.
a boy holding onto the wheel wii mote while playing a driving game 
A group of people play a video game together.
computer desk with various  papers  and a computer
The food worker is standing in the kitchen.
a table holding a laptop in an office
A cat standing on a computer monitor staring at an image on its screen.
A wide angle view of this hotel suite
a person standing in front of a class 
A wooden table with a  plate of meat and two bottles of wine.
Man and son at table eating hotdogs and chips.
An orange kitten on the green couch by itself. 
An office has computers and equipment on each desk.
A spacious living room with a large fireplace.
A bed in a room under a ceiling fan next to a window.
A table with food, computer screen and lab top and papers on it.
Two black cats lying together on a desk.
Bunch of kids sitting around in chairs playing a video game
Two children watching a fuzzy channel on tv, in a black and white photo.
The dog is indoors staring out the window.
A computer desk with a keyboard and a monitor.
A living room scene with a laptop and a television.
A computer, tablet and phone sits on a table next to a lamp.
A living room with a red/brown area rug, two couches and a large flat screen TV.
a couple of computers are on a desk
An office setting with desks and computers in a messy area.
A bunch of trash and old electronics in cardboard boxes.
A full view of a working desk with computer screens. 
A kitchen with tile walls and flooring looking into a large living room with a red couch. 
A TV is showing the weather in an empty living room.
A view of a dual monitor with anime playing in the back.
A home entertainment center with tall stereo speakers, a television, game console and stereo.
People are looking at computer and one man has a camera.
A computer desk with a monitor and a laptop.
a couple of people playing a video game 
A wall with urinals and a television in a bathroom.
two white chairs a black couch a table television and windows
A table of people sharing a pizza while watching TV.
two cats laying on a desk by a keyboard
a laptop sits on a desk next to some papers 
The man is i the room by himself playing video games.
a computer monitor with a wallpaper of a white flower 
A man that is leaning on a couch.
A desk with a laptop and desktop computer.
a living room with two laptops and a tv
A table set for two with food and drinks.
a close up of a cat standing leaning on a tv
A cat sitting on the back of a sofa looking out a window.
A living room with brown furniture and white walls
A woman sitting at a table on top of a chair.
Three young men sit at a table using four laptops.
A papasan is at a laptop with a monitor behind it.
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
A living room is shown with a couch and TV.
A tiny bedroom with a MacBook sitting on a bed.
a bunch of people watching as two people play video games 
a close up of a keyboard a mouse and monitor
guys playing wii in an office building together
A DESK TOP TABLE WITH TWO DIFFERENT LAPTOPS 
A computer desk with mugs, a desktop monitor and cards.
A lady in action with a video game remote control.
The television in the room is airing something with no one present. 
A man is holding a video game controller from a sofa.
a big clock that is on top of something
a leather sofa matching chair coffee table and an odd chair
A living room with leather couches and flat screen television 
A computer screen is turned on at a desk.
A living room with a tv and a window.
The entertainment stand contains a television, speakers, and photographs.
A cat is sitting on the floor watching television.
A man using the toilet while on the computer
Young child sits in middle of large bed with comforter.
A modern hotel room with a bath in one corner
Multiple computers and electronics on a wooden desk.
A view shows the bedroom and bathroom close together.
A few people are sitting listening to a lecture.
A living room filled with furniture and large windows.
A dog lies on his side on a throw rug
A living room decorated with vintage furniture and has pink carpet.
A catchup bottle sits on a table while a tv plays and a woman stands at a counter.
A computer and accessories are sitting on the ground
The couches and chairs in a living room are facing a television.
A man wearing glasses is smoking a pipe.
A woman with an umbrella walking down a street on a rainy night
An umbrella sitting on a desk.with a computer.
A room with a silver TV  sitting on top of a wooden cabinet.
A lobby full of people with a flat-screen television.
A desk with two computers and several accessories.
A man try to move a large TV by himself
five monitors a keyboard mouse and a laptop
A bedroom and bathroom with various furniture and a mirror.
A child is on a black and red keyboard.
A computer desk with a desktop set up on it.
A cat watching a cat on the tv.
There is a display of three different computers together.
The meeting of the minds brings together the best men and women and their technological skills.
TWO CHILDREN ARE ON THE FLOOR WATCHING A TV PROGRAM TOGETHER
A group of people hang out together in a hotel room. 
A living area with a couch, coffee table and a television.
A black dog sitting in front of a TV.
THERE IS A LAPT OP AND A DESK AND A CHAIR
a living room with a bunch of furniture in it
A plant in a clay pot and a vase of red potatoes on a table.
A group of men, standing while playing video games. 

A desktop computer sits upon a cluttered desk
This is a living room that has laptops and other electronic equipment in it.
the person takes a photo of their dimmely lit living room and tv
A huge screen television on the side of a building showing baseball 
Fuzzy picture of a cat sitting on top of a small Phillips television
A living room has a corner desk with chairs and sofa.
Two dogs are sitting and facing each other. 
A man sitting in a chair in a contemporary living area.
a bedroom wiith a cluttered desk and a chair by the window 
A basketball game is shown on a computer monitor.
Entertainment center made of wood with large television on it. 
Items on the floor of an older living room.
A large white couch in a living room.
A living room with floral print furniture and pink couch
A white cat sitting on front of a TV screen.
A picture of someone's office desk and computer.
A baby standing on a video game accessory holding a controller, in front of a television.
A man is using his laptop on the couch
Large series of suitcases lined up in a living room. 
A man using a Wii Remote to play a game on a flatscreen TV.
A cream-colored room with fancy fireplace and furniture
Carts full of luggage on open walkway in terminal.
Fingers can be seen touching the keys on a keyboard.
A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
Several cats fast asleep on a desk in front of computer monitors.

View of a home, living room, and dining room with cabinets, books, and assorted furniture.
A slightly organized desk with a computer sits in a corner.
A desktop computer monitor with the Windows XP logo on it.
A living area with a Christmas tree and a fireplace.
A guy with glasses shows off his Wii Remote.
A man playing a video game on a large tv.
Crowds gather at a convention to look at the Wii.
People are waiting next to a luggage cart filled with boxes.
A bed has a television attached to the foot board.
a monitor a keyboard and a mouse with fire damage
A living room with two couches and a coffee table
An analogue TV sits unused on top of a wood table
the boy is kicking a soccer ball with one leg
An open room with multiple tables and a living space.
A desk with a laptop, monitor, keyboard and mouse.
A man standing in front of a TV playing a video game.
an image of a tv set that is perched with a bird on it
A home office area with several computers and a printer.
a desk with lots of stuff on it including a monitor 
A white corner desk is shown in front of the blinds.
A living room with hardwood floors, is neatly decorated.
A glow in the dark computer keyboard and mouse pad.
A smiling and well dressed man in a big dark room.
a bed room with two beds a shelf and a small dresser
A woman holds an elastic band, ready to snap it.
The men are playing a video game together in the room.
A computer monitor and other computer accessories are nicely organized on a desk.
A cat sitting on a television stand under the television.
A small child is playing a video game with a controller in each hand.
Two computer monitors are set up on a desk.
A man standing in front of the tv with a controller in his hand.
A group of people sitting around a television.
a man that is playing a game of wii
A boy that is holding a sandwich in his hand.
Two laptops are sitting on a coffee table in front of a desktop which sits on an entertainment center.
Lady watching and participating in exercise video on TV. Christmas tree in the corner and a lot of book shelves.
A pug dog on a desk with leash by computers.
A couple of folded pillow cases are placed on the made bed. 
A backpackers gear is laid out on the bed. 
The bedroom features a good size dresser and mirror.
A living room with a fireplace and a TV in the corner.
The stuffed toy monkey is next to the laptop computer.
A man in an office with a laptop computer.
A living room with wood floors filled with furniture.
The computer desk has dual monitors on it.
Two women are playing video games in a living room.
A tightly packed living room with a TV screen larger than the fireplace right beside it.
a lounge chair in front of a television set
a bedroom with a big bed and a tv in the corner
There are numerous chairs and picture windows inside the spacious cottage, with wooden floors, and wooden beam buttressed ceiling.
A modern bedroom with red pillows and white sheets
A desk has two computers on it and a calculator.
A cat sitting on VCR in front of a tv that is turned on.
A person standing in front of a television. 
Women holding a plate of birthday cake while sitting.
The woman is standing near the clock with a jacket.
A man sitting in a chair holding a laptop computer.
A picture of a large hotel room with a bottle of wine on the desk.
A living room with a brown chair next to a flat screen TV.
Girl playing with a bean bag chair near a Christmas tree.
A living room over head view of a living room with lots of furniture.
A bathroom with a TV monitor hung near the shower. 
A black and white cat sits on a man's lap.
A computer desk with three separate monitors on it.
a desk with a lot of paperwork and some computers and laptops on it
Living room with fireplace and chairs with books
A living area has a blue sectional couch, brown ottoman, bicycles, TV and stairs.
A very nice looking living room with some big windows.
A young man using a laptop in front of a desk with a desk computer.
An open living room with a couch in the center. 
a bed with a small television and a cd boombox sitting on top. 
Two men playing a game on a television.
a living room with a tv, pink striped couch, table and old fireplace
a person sitting on steps talking on a phone
There is a woman holding an object in her hand.
Two black chairs in a living room with a bright red wall.
A modern desk has Apple products and a lamp.
Two men play Wii together while a baby watches.
A cluttered desk with two computers and stacked books.
A man squated over looking at a television box.
A living room with a television, hardwood floors, couch, red cushion and wide panel window
This room is empty except for a flat screen television on the wall. 
The person crosses their legs while watching television.
A man sitting at a computer desk with two laptop computers.
A living room filled with furniture next to a flat screen TV.
A living room opens up into a kitchen.
A dog sleeping in front of a playing television.
a glass table with computers and a laptop in use
A computer desk that has a monitor and a laptop on it.
a cat sitting next to a tv on a wall
A monitor hangs high on the wall of a kitchen. 
A work cubicle is filled with two computers and other computer accessories.
there are three apples put in to a triangle
A room full of sailors cut into a cake with a sword.
a television screen with John McCain on it 
A couple of people and a kid sitting in a room.
A home computer and a laptop on a desk.
A man and a woman are speaking in a darkened room, in front of a computer on a tall desk.
A man looks at a cell phone in a restaurant.
An inflatable penguin feels liking having an adult beverage.
A white and tan long haired tabby cat sitting on a computer chair
A picture of a living room with lots of plants.
A brown tabby with a blue collar sleeping against a computer keyboard.
A woman sitting in a chair holding up a mouse.
A desk with a laptop, computer, lamp, mouse and papers on it. 
A woman holding a red umbrella that is inside out.
The cat is laying on the edge of the table.
There are two computers sitting on the desk.
A computer desk with two animals laying on a chair.
A large flat screen TV sitting in a living room.
Laptop computer monitor with lots of clutter on the surrounding desk
A large white bowl filled with ice cream is sitting by a laptop. 
a brown dog is laying on a bed and some drawers are behind him
A room with a window, chairs and desk. 
A couple of young boys standing next to each other.
A cat is laying quietly on a bed.
a living room with a fancy light that looks like a statue on the end table 
A person sits in front of a desk with a keyboard tray and mouse.
Four tv's that are sitting outside of a television repair shop.
Asian male sitting at a table eating a hot dog.
A large white fire place sitting in a living room.
a living room with a couch and dresser in it 
Two dogs and one that is white is in a cage and someone is putting their finger in the cage while the black dog is sitting out on a wooden floor.
A group of people are in a large room filled with computers.
A wii controller being held by two hands with a screen in back.
A person sitting around a desk playing a computer game.
a cat sitting on a stand next to a tv
A large living room has a lot of furniture and carpet.
A black laptop sitting on a desk next to a remote controller.
A group of people carrying bags of luggage through a lobby.
a computer that has a keyboard and a mouse
A small living room has a lot of furniture in it.
Toys are arranged on the desk in an office.
An orange cat sleeping on top of a television that is turned on.
The green velvet bed is low to the ground.
The living room has a fireplace and two couches in it. 
A television is illuminated in a family room.
Men in suits watching a video at an event.
A man holding a laptop in one of his hands
A large living room with a fireplace and window seating.
The bookshelves in the living room are full of books.
An unamused cat rests upon a flat screen TV
A couple of men moving a large book shelf
A red chair is parked near a large screen television and a window.
A white sofa and tables in front of a fireplace.
A bedroom with a bed, checkerboard wallpaper above it, and some dressers. 
A young girl sitting in front of a TV with a white dog.
a black cat sleeping on a laptop by a window
Computer monitor of old generation from the brand Apple
A room in a home that has a small table with one chair on the side and another piece of furniture in the next area.
A young girl plays a bowling game on her TV.
The computer desk also has two cell phones on it.
A multicolored rubber ducky in front of an Apple computer
a lady posing in front of a tv and book case standing on tile
Several people stand in preparation to play an interactive video game.
a room with a chair coffee table stereo potted plant by a window
The girl with glasses is holding a giant toothbrush close to her mouth.
A desk with a telephone, monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. 
A man holding a Wii controller in his hand while looking at the t.v.
A seminar has been set up while people sit in front of laptops and open cell phones.
A corner couch in front of a fireplace and television in a furnished living room.
Computer monitor and front of a keyboard and a small mouse. 
Two women bake together at a kitchen island.
a couple of coaches in a cluttered living room
A picture of a cat on a keyboard.
a person standing near a table with a laptop
A bedroom with flower wallpaper and flower  bedspread
Its an old time hotel but there is no one to man the receptionists desk.
A little dark haired girl wearing a purple shirt sitting on a bed.
The cat is walking on the desk in front of the computer.
A desktop computer in front of a chair with a leopard blanket.
A small living room with large furniture and clutter everywhere
The computers are left on the desk in the room. 
The dinner is done and the television show is on. 
A computer monitor sitting on top of a desk next to sound equipment.
a close up of an open computer next to a keyboard
The man in the yellow shirt is playing a video game. 
two people playing nintendo wii at a booth
A television is sitting outside on the sidewalk.
A laptop computer is seen sitting next to a television.
A living room with a wall that has been painted bright green
A truck parked on the side of a road next to a tall building.
A living room with yellow walls and a white ceiling. 
The cat watches a concert on the television.
A man with blonde hair in front of his computer.
a room with a laptop and a computer monitor with the laptop attached to strings
People sitting in chairs in a waiting room.
a computer and other things on a wood desk
a desk with a laptop a mouse and a cup
Two computers, a phone, books, and paper on an office desk.
A cozy den is home to a computer work space and small bookshelf.
A kitten stands by a reflection of itself.
A couple of young men standing next to each other.
two men standing around holding onto wiimotes and having drinks 
A tidy living room has a fireplace, green chair, shelving, a piano and a striped couch.
Butterfly design coffee table is in front of a  wall couch along a mirror wall with blue drape hanging in the window with butterfly design entrance to the next room which is consist of a piano and a television.
A man leans over a desk in a hotel room.
A television is sitting on a stand with toys.
there is a small tv screen on top of a window in the kitchen
A TV sitting in a living room next to a wooden table.
A woman with raised arms leaping into the air.
A white living room that is pretty standard.
Two computer monitors are the centerpiece of a cluttered office space.
Two laptop computer screens on a desk next to each other.
A persons hand sitting on top of a laptop computer.
A living room with a few couches and a television.
A TV and entertainment system sits in a living room.
He is listening intently to the computer at school.
A man with a goatee smiling and talking on the phone
two laying and standing children playing nintendo wii 
A half a pizza sitting on top of a box on top of a table.
A picture of a lego block room with a person, window and a television in it. 
A beige living room has chairs, lamps and television in it.
The library is empty of people and very quiet
Travelers form a line at a busy airport.
There is a man standing at a smart board giving a presentation
A woman leaning against a bookshelf reading a book.
A boy using his Wii controller to play.
A man plays a video game while a young child walks by.
A computer, keyboard, and mouse sitting on a desk.
The living room is clean and ready to use. 
A TV sitting at the end of a bed, with drapes on it.
Battlestar Galactica is playing on a flat screen television and there is a plate of pizza on the floor.
A closeup view of a mouse and keyboard connected to a desktop computer.
A living room has no people in it but has furniture.
A television has a blurry picture and a cat sits to watch.
A very neat and orderly lookind one room studio apartment..
a living room with large windows decorated in neutral colors
A dog wearing a protective head piece looking at a TV.
A man using a laptop at work 
There is a large hound in a dress laying on a white couch.
A man smiles while working at his computer.
A computer sits on a computer desk with a poster above it.
an image of kitchen setting with island design
A lunch meeting in a hotel with a speakers panel up front
a laptop computer powered on and sittng on a desk 
A restaurant worker is holding three pizzas in hand.
Computers and other electronics on top of a table.
A couple of young boys holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
A group of people watch two girls play a video game.
A computer monitor features an aquarium background, and the CPU has a stuffed monkey on top of it.
A woman is giving a presentation with a laptop.
Five people, one man, four women gathered around table with now obsolete television in background. 
A man sitting at a table with a coke playing a Tiddly Wiik game.
A woman is in a red hotel room by the television.
A young bot stands in front of a TV playing a Wii.
A living room with a large window and a wooden floor.
A group of people watching two women play a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
This photo captures the screen of another electronic device.
I am unable to see an image above.
A desk that has many computers sitting on top of it.
THERE IS A PHOTO OF A LIVING ROOM WITH COUCH AND TV
A semi-circle living room with a couch and large screen TV.
A living room with a widescreen television, couch and various media components.
A desk with a microphone laptop and keyboard.
A man is sitting at his computer with a parrot on his shoulder, and petting his cat.
An computer and monitor placed on desk next to a book shelf
Two black cats laying down on top of a desk.
A pizza sitting in a box underneath a TV showing family guy.
The cellphone is left on the desk next to the computer.
a wooden desk with a keyboard a laptop and a monitor
A man in black shirt sitting next to a computer desk.
there are many computer monitors and things on this desk
upstairs looking down at a living room dining room combined
A man holding a remote control in front of a TV.
There is a cat sitting on the desk next to the computer.
a group of teens sitting in a living room while one looks at a phone book
A person sitting in a chair in front of a tv.
A wall-mounted television in a small living room.
Man and woman in a bedroom holding up Wii controllers. 
A conference table inside of a train. 
A man in a room holding a remote control
An empty hotel room with a tv and desk with chair.
the tiny computer speakers are a technological advancement
The large mirror is on the wall above a leather chair. 
A computer and an electronic tablet sitting on a desk.
Several computers turned on on an office desk.
a man that is standing up with a wii remote
Man playing with Nintendo in front of a group of people on stage
A room with a tv, chair, lamp, and windows.
The black and white cat is on the suitcase while the other cat lays in the floor.
Men lounge around a kitchen island in an office.
A hand on top of a metal cup with a computer in the background. 
a bedroom with a bed and a computer on a desk
A living room with furniture and a flat screen TV.
A woman holding up a laptop computer in a classroom.
A computer monitor sitting next to a book shelf.
The Christmas tree lights up the living room. 
A TV showing a baseball game with baseball players.
view of the room from a remotes perspective.
A messy room with computer equipment inside of it. 
An old fashioned TV sitting in the gutter near a stop sign.
A man sitting on a sofa with a laptop
a wood table with four computers and pen and paper
Young people in a dark room playing video games on a television.
A display of flowers sits on a living room table.
a man and a woman are playing video games
A living room with big windows looking at the ocean.
Table with chairs and computer monitor with door open
Line reflects off the wooden floor in a neat living room.
A living room scene with couches and a television.
Family room with big screen television and furniture.
A man is working on a laptop next to other computers.
A television set is lying on a curb.
A desktop computer with a note attached to the screen.
A portrait of a restaurant ready for service. 
The room has a very antique look to it
The interior of a living room with bookshelves and seating.
A group of people watching a video about bowling.
The dog is watching a televised scene in which another dog, poised on a bank is witnessing an emergency on the water.
A living room that has been decorated. 
man on the floor playing a video game
a reflection of antique cars in a store window
a laptop sitting on a table, with a beer and tv in background.
The room in the house needs to be picked up.
A man sitting on a chair with a dog in his lap.
A man is peering into the kitchen as several children are seated in the living room.
A group of people sitting in a busy cafe.
A man taking a slice of a large pizza pie.
a desk with a computer and a tv inside of a room
A man and woman playing the Wii in the living room. 
A couch and a christmas tree sitting in a living room by a window.
A desktop computer and a laptop computer are sitting on a desk.
An office work space with two computers, and one keyboard.
a couple of computers are sitting on a desk
Dog sitting on a desk next to a monitor
Two people are playing video games in a room.
A man and woman posing for a picture while another person uses his cellphone
A woman with a remote standing in front of a television.
Person in a yellow shirt standing by a wondow
A living area with chair, coffee table and tall cabinet.
A man sits on hit laptop and desktop behind a messy desk.
A large family gathering has breakfast before a fireplace decked with Christmas stockings.
A dog sitting on a couch in a cluttered living room.
a small cat watches a cheetah run on television 
A single glass of white win on a table with a vase
Many people sitting round and some eating pizza.
an office work space with keyboard, mouse and 2 monitors
A vintage  living area with white furniture, a grand piano and peacock stain glassed windows.
a large group of children are gathered together
A couple of guys, one on a cell phone, one on a laptop.
A laptop monitor is flanked above by a pretty pink wall clock.
Man with a sweater blouse playing the wii on a small television.
A basket of umbrellas are displayed in a clothing store.
A smiling wooden witch toy in front of a computer.
A cluttered computer desk with camera, book, headphones and other objects.
Two monitors that are on, on a desk in the dark 
Living room with green walls and a fireplace. 
A cubicle has a desktop computer and a variety of decorations. 
A man playing with a wii console on Christmas
Large double door stainless refrigerator with display menu on front.
the room is a living room with sofas
A sofa and two chairs in front of a fireplace in a room with a large window overlooking a mountain.
A little building housing a television and floral bags.
Monitor and computer sitting on a computer desk.
A room with a bed, some curtains, a shelf and a television.
A small bedroom with a bed, computer desk, chair and storage box.
There is a laptop computer next to a desktop computer.
a table rug black and brown cat television and cabinet
a living room with a couch, fireplace and table
A very big nice looking room with a nice TV.
A young child holding a video game remote is touching a television.
A laptop is on a desk with a desktop computer. 
Cat with paws on TV screen with a puppy sitting on the floor.
a desk with two monitors a keyboard and a mouse
Can of soft drink next to a computer keyboard and monitor
A cat is on a coffee table with a television in front.
A man plays bowling on WII, in his living room.
A man standing near a television holding a remote
The home office includes a desktop computer.and a lamp.
a bed room with two beds and a table 
A desk with a lap top and a computer and keyboard on top of it.
A living room filled with furniture TV sitting on top of a wooden cabinet.
an effected image of a man with an old tech phone
A wooden desk features a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard, and other electronics.
A large living room with some covered furniture
A dog thinks it is his turn to use the computer.
some white cabinets a fireplace a television set and a lamp
a bottle of beer sitting next to a cell phone on the table 
A broken brass clock with a bent face.
A guy in a green and yellow jacket eats a sub sandwich.
The desk has multiple computers set up. 
A real computer person does not sit at this clean desk.
an old floor model television on a side walk
A computer desk with a laptop computer on top of it.
a person dressed as a cartoon character getting his picture taken
An older man holding onto Wii controllers looking at a tv.
A television laying on a dirt ground next to a body of water.
A woman playing a game on the Wii.
Two windows that look into an apartment, one with sheer curtians
A cluttered basement is full of home supplies.
A picture of students with laptops attending a training seminar with a speaker by the podium.
an old tv sits on top of a dvd player and vcr
A man laying on a floor next to two cats.
A group of people inside a living room. 
Tan furniture and a television are in a room.
a dog staring at another dog on tv
The old tv set is showing a car on it. 
The man sits at a computer desk with a musical keyboard on it.
The young men are playing a video game.
A boy playing with the Wii on a television screen.
KIDS PLAYING OR WATCHING SOMETHING ON A COMPUTER SCREEN
A living area with a red sofa, coffee table and large television.
The smiling woman is checking her cell phone.
A living room filled with lots of brown furniture.
a room with a bed books shelves and an open closet
A man and a woman giving a speech with a  video game playing in back.
Man in a living room playing Wii on a television
A picture of someone's living room with furniture and appliances.
A desk with three computer monitors side by side.
A plate of fruit and muffins sitting on a table 
The two women admire the cake on the table.
An outdated television set with a modern device on top of it.
a cat sitting extremely close to a tv
A man sitting on a couch watching tv and using a lap top.
Pictures of multiple people with their luggage at an airport. 
a man using a remote control while playing a video game
The living room and dining room of a house
A toddler playing in a room with many toys all over the floor.
A living room with a couch, television, and fireplace.
A dog sitting on the floor watching a television.
A living room with couch, stairs, and table in it.
A laptop on top of a table in a room.
A desk with a telephone, computer, laptop, a cell phone and a bottle on it. 
a little girl looking at her dad on the tv screen 
A empty office room with a large table and chairs and a television
A television with a wii remote in the front
a lot of people in a classroom setting 
a desk with a laptop and monitors with a keyboard
A monitor and a keyboard on a desk.
Two people working on a laptop in a computer lab.
A bed is sitting in the middle of a room near a window.
A kitchen has green shutter doors, a gas range, a small table, and wooden cabinets.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a computer desk.
A  large living room area with matching features.
Computer monitors on desk with keyboard and other electronic equipment.
Several people in a large building that is filled with luggage tagged with yellow tags.
A crowd of travelers at an airport departure gate.
A young boy celebrating with joy on a holiday morning.
The girl is sitting in one of two identical chairs in front of a television.
A wooden desk with a computer and a lap top on top of it.
A small tub sitting in a bathroom next to a poster on a wall.
A woman brushes a child's hair while the toddler watches television.
A television is playing in a crowded living room.
A pair of legs, boxes, and clothings laying on a bed with an opened closet in the background
A person playing a video game in a room with one lamp in a corner.
someone using a trash can as a seat for a desk 
A person is sitting on a couch reading.
A well lite living room is very clean 
A sofa, chair and big screen TV sit in a room.
A cat by a chair and table with a laptop.
a desk with a computer on it sits in front of a chair
Multiple iPods on a desk surrounded by computers. 
A desk that has five computers on it
A mounted television is next to a blue sign.
A monitor on a side table with a cat in it.
A living room with a couch next to a chair in front of a TV.
A den with a couch, chair, ottoman, and a television.
The small kitchen has a dining table, a stove, and a counter with many pots and pans underneath.
A messy workspace equipped with two computers and everything else.
A living room with sun light pouring in.
A young girl holds two remote controls in her hands.
A living room has a couch and television in it. 
A dog is chewing on a red coach
An iPhone resting on a round black holder.
The 3D image shows a girl lying on a bed with a cat.
a cat laying in a room on some carpet 
A young girl showing off a dragon kite
A laptop and a keyboard on a desk.
a bunch of food is laying in a blue tray
A see through image of a person in a messy room.
a desk top computer sitting on a computer desk 
A dog watches a show of a dog on a tv
A very neat person lives in this room.
Man with white hair and green shirt sitting at table.
A small living room with a coffee table, futon and bookshelf.
A man making a recording of himself using a camera on a tripod. 
A women who is holding a birthday cake.
A living room scene with a kitchen in the background.
Woman in a living room with large screen TV and cloth-draped furniture.
The decor in this room looks like it's from the fifties or sixties.
Two men using Nintendo wii remotes to play a game. 
There is a coffee cup and water bottle on a desk
A person with his feet on a desk with pizza and a Coke.
A wooden cabinet is decorated with a computer monitor and a flower.
A group of people sitting at a table next to a large pizza.
A dog is sleeping on the floor in front of a TV.
A flat screen television on a black table.
A variety of computer equipment on a desk.
A small cat sitting in front of a TV
a bed room with many beds near one another 
A cat is sitting down on a small chair at a computer desk. 
A plants leaves coming through an open window.
The small dog is jumping up towards the television.
A small hotel room with a TV and a wooden desk.
a man that has a wii remote in his hand
A desktop computer sitting next to a  laptop computer.
a woman in a white top  is watching television
a turned on  computer sitting on top of a desk
A living area with sofa, couch and two chairs.
A large white cat sitting on top of a rug.
a living room with a  book shelf a tv and a laptop
A desk with a lap top and a desk top computers.
A silver colored video monitor sitting on a gray table.
A man sits at a computer desk in a high building. 
This is a living room with a couch, love seat, TV, and a fire place. 
A couple of men that are standing, holding a cake.
A remote control held in a person's hand with blurry colors in background.
A living room with furniture with a look into the bedroom.
A dog sleeps on the lap of his owner.
A spacious  bedroom with access to a balcony.
The spacious apartment has white walls and minimal furnishings.
A dog sits on a rug in a living room.
A man in suit and tie has a cane and cigar.
A man laying on a bed using a laptop.
A pair of feet rest on a table in front of a tv in a dark room.
A black computer on a wooden desk in a room
A cat is taken in this very picture.

A kid in a tie poses for a picture. 
A photo of a laptop on a bed with a TV in the background.
A large bed in a very small room.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a set of three boxes.
A group of men sitting at a table.
The cat walked through the doorway to enter the house.
A notebook computer is open next to a desktop computer.
a desk with a laptop, extra monitor and keyboard, and a darth vader mask 
A man smiling for the camera while typing on a laptop.
A wooden office desk with papers, computer and netbook
A couple of people standing in a room with remotes.
An airport with a screen above all heads
A dining room scene with a table, chairs and a television.
A computer desk with a keyboard, laptop and computer monitor.
A living room has couches with wooden arms.
A dog laying on a bed in an empty room.
A group of medical staff standing around a person in a hospital.
A desk with a very bright computer screen on it.
finished lower level of a home filled with stuff
A cat is perched up on a tv stand blocking a movie.
Monitor, mouse and keyboard sitting on top of computer tower
A man on the news, watched on the television
A man with his head sticking though the back of a metal television.
A man holding a remote close to a monitor screen
a bunch of computers on a desk together. 
A man sips a drank over a piece of pizza.
A computer desk with contains two computers 
LARGE LIVING ROOM WITH BLUE COUCH AND CHAIR AND COLORFUL CARPETING
Two turned on computers, sitting on a glass table.
a male in a gray shirt and name tag is holding  a banana
A television display has an image of a man with a surprised look on his face. 
a stuffed animal on a desk with a monitor 
Several laptops and monitors on a white table.
This tech wizard leaves all options open, equipping his computer area with both a laptop and desktop machine.
a dog is laying in front of a painting of a dog
The hotel room is decorated with soft gold and deep rose tones.
A living room with wood paneling, a couch, two chairs and a tv.
The living room in the house is empty.
Two young men play a video game, while a woman watches.
A CNN anchor talking about racism on the air. 
A woman is staring at a laptop computer.
A living room with lit candles on the table and sill
One man stands in a boat as the other man rows while watching a television program.
A desk that has a computer on it.
Small dog laying in a tiny room staring back.
an engineer stares a a board trying to figure out it's use.
Nobody is working in the office right now.
A man in chefs hat stirring a pot with a ladle.
A picture of a television that is showing a river scene.
a computer sits on a desk in front of a keyboard 
a table that has a bunch of books on it
A small television atop a wooden table in a white bedroom.
A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.
flickr on the computer monitor on top of the desk.
The conference room has  many tables and chairs with monitors on the wall.
A mattress and box spring leaning against a wall near a computer desk.
This woman is enjoying a beer with her food
The large black cat is lying in an office chair.
A computer that is hooked up to a tv sitting on a desk.
a man blowing into a little pipe to a ball 
Two people are actively playing a video game together.
A cluttered office with a lot of electronic equipment.
A desk with a computer monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. 
THERE IS A TV THAT IS ON THE SNOW COVERE GROUND
A group of people playing Wii games. 
A hospital room, with hospital bed, desk and laptop.
A young girl playing Wii in a living room setting.
two males are holding their arms in the air with game controllers
A living room with three book shelves a couch and a TV. 
A luxurious living room with chandelier, bar, and couches
A narrow white bedroom features a double bed and vanity and overlooking loft. 
Several men playing Wii in a room of musical instruments.
This nice alcove allows a computer user to look outdoors.
A man sitting on a couch in front of an open laptop computer.
A person relaxing in the middle of a room full of monitors.
A black bed with a white mattress and two pillows.
A Motel room with a writing desk, two chairs and large television.
The keyboard is white and is partially shown in the picture.
two black chairs a desk drawers a computer and monitors
A monitor, subwoofer, and lava lamp sit on a desk.
a living room with a couch, table and a glass door
a little baby laying in front of a tv on the floor
The young boy is playing bowling on the video game.
A women sitting on a bench while talking on the phone.
a bedroom and several bookshelves full of books.
The desk has two laptops, a monitor and keyboard. 
A room with a couch, chairs, television and a table. 
A desk with several computers sitting on top of it.
many people and a lady and a man playing video game
a woman eating out of a small bowl next to a computer 
A living area with various tables, a sofa and a fireplace.
a desk that has all kinds of stuff on it
A woman is having her hair brushed by the baby
a living room with an orange couch and stars on the walls
Wallpapered bedroom with purple comforter and vanity in the corner.
A lady stands in an office setting playing a video game.
Young child and teenager in front of tv playing Wii.
A young girl plays boxing on her Nintendo Wii.
A laptop and a personal computer sit upon a table.
a black desktop computer and black speakers 
The glass table is set with the dishes.
A computer is set up on a desk with a screen, a keyboard and a mouse.
A buff and white cat on a desk curls up with a computer mouse.
Guy with glasses sitting in a chair in a hotel room.
A room containing a TV, closet, and exit to the hallway.
Scene in the front of a Japanese bus with a built in television.
A work station and couch in a hotel room.
A living room with television, pictures, and chair.
There is a small TV below a regular TV
A fairly neat computer desk with a green office chair.
There is an old man posing in a suit.
A computer monitor with a keyboard next to some beer bottles.
An empty living room area with two chairs and a coffee table. 
Black guitar, amp and foot pedals next to a desk and computer.
A bedroom with four pieces of artwork on the walls and a TV on a wooden desk.
People with a dog at an airport 
A vacant workspace with a desktop and laptop, and a paper notebook.
a desk with a keyboard mouse and monitor
A laptop on a coffee table in front of a tv. 
There are three monitors on the desk all of them are turned on. 
a couple of people that are sitting in a room
A kitchen table with a decorative vase with flowers in it next to some candles.
A couple of men looking at a laptop computer.
a television some bottles a table and video game controllers
A picture of a clean modern style bathroom
A mirror image of a bathroom and a scenic view from a window.
A bunch of guys at a very big table with some laptops.
A desk containing a computer monitor and laptop.
A man in a red ghutra being interviewed on a television program.
some furniture in a wood floored living room
A tv stand with a television and a laptop.
A modern kitchen complete with a refrigerator and sink.
A window looking out at a brick building 
a black and white cat sitting in front of a monitor.
A living room with different furniture and items in it 
A woman is shown sitting at a computer desk
A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer on it.
An older men playing wii tennis on the tv.
A view of a city from a man's desk 
A desk is set up with all sorts of computer equipment.
A rustic Southwestern living room has a stone fireplace and a rug hanging on the wall.
A very nice looking living room with a fire place.
A green potted plant in a very big modern room.
a male is playing a video game on a big screen
A poorly lit room fire place in the center.
Laptop computer, open with cords and plugins, with white box that says "Live Box." 
Man sitting on seat with child and multiple dogs nearby on floor.
The television is next to a bookshelf full of books. 
A cop sitting in a cop car in front of a building.
there are two green chairs in front of a tv
a cluttered desk area with a monitor and keyboard
A bedroom or living room with pictures all over the walls
A picture of an umbrella and some people.
Boy standing in living room in front of fireplace playing video game.
Two computers are left on in the dark.
A man standing next to a ceiling mounted TV.
A keyboard and two monitors sitting on a desk in front of a window.
two men standing and pointing devices at a tv set
A desk with a laptop and monitor are powered on as they sit on a desk.
Several people, mostly men, are sitting inside a restaurant or bar drinking, talking, and watching television.
A blurry photo of a cat on the bed.
A bed neatly made up with pillows and two nightstands with lamps in a bedroom.
A living room with a white couch and other furniture.
A picture of a bed in an upright reading position.
a microwave and a old tv out by the street.
Two small couches and a flat-screen television are in the large living room. 
two computer monitors each with a different colored pair of angel wings
Cat on perch watching cat frolicking on floor.
A white plate with some healthy food on the side. 
She can barely hold the very large teddy bear in her lap.
THERE IS AHOME OFFICE WITH A CHAIR AND DESK TOP COMPUTER
Sliced pizza on cutting board sitting on table in front of laptop.
A person that is pointing at something a house.
A woman in a kitchen holding a water heater.
A living room has a couch, chair, television, and a fireplace.
A monitor and keyboard, a bottle of soda, cup and telephone handset
Two closed laptops sitting on top of each other by a monitor 
a laptop computer in front of a window with indoor plants
On this desk a is notebook and pen, a laptop computer, a computer monitor, keyboard, mouse, and an iPhone on a charger. 
A passenger in the back row is watching a movie on a small screen.
A group of people standing next to a group of toilets.
A desk with a computer monitor, printer and cd rack.
A bookshelf with a tv that has a cat sleeping on it.
Somebody is watching television with a fire burning in the fireplace.
A cat reaching up at a bird on a TV screen
A desk that has a desk lamp on and the light casting down on a coffee mug that is next to a desktop computer.
A collection of furniture is in a living room.
a computer monitor being help up with a piece of wood and a plastic box
Laptop computer with a skeleton bone on the screen.
A woman is in a room playing Wii bowling. 
An open living room has a low ceiling.
Two photos of a living room- one without a ceiling fan, one with the fan installed. 
A boy standing in front of a TV, playing a Wii sports game.
A man is cooking in a professional kitchen.
An old television sits in a living room with a record player and records.
A small modern desk beneath a flat screen tv,
COMPUTER WITH AN EXTRA MONITOR, WITH BRIGHT GREEN SCREENS
A plaque with a picture of a young girl and three panda bears sits on a cluttered desk.
Man showing off a personal pad system at a electronics store.
a woman taking a picture of herself and her dog in a mirror 
a person standing over a desk in a crowding living room space
A large room with a ben and some chairs
A desk with a keyboard, mouse and computer monitor.
A cat playing on its scratching tower in the living room
a person that is playing his guitar in a room
A woman in a blue shirt standing next to a doorway.
a room with a very nice table and a sreen
an image of piece of luggage in the middle of the ground
a nice house showing kitchen and a living room
A train is riding down an enclosed boarding station.
a desk with a laptop and a monitor with a keyboard
A man playing a videogame with a group of people.
Man sitting in sweatpants in his living room
A computer desk topped with a monitor and a keyboard next to a  mouse.
A person is doing technical with their desktop computer
Two woman video chatting with each other online. 
A computer keyboard has illuminated keys and other features.
A person puts their feet up while watching television.
a cat siting on a chair next to a dresser
there us a very small room that has two lap tops
a desk with several keyboards, two screens and miscellaneous electronics
A table with two laptop computers sitting on it.
A black and white cat on carpet next to vases and a television.
a person sits down in front of a television 
four nice ladies gazing at the computers smiling
a person sitting on a bicycle like object in a showroom
A model of a shark head parked under a computer desk
A cat rests its head on the keyboard of a laptop computer.
Two people touch feet while sitting in chairs.
A man sits alone on a train platform at night
Someone sitting on their couch, with their feet up, watching television with their cat.
A living room with large windows facing the forest.
A cat sitting on a desk near a laptop, monitor and a mouse.
A bedroom scene with focus on a desk with a laptop.
Two laptops are on a computer desk with a cell phone.
an older man blowing out candles on his cake
A man and a girl are playing a video game and smiling.
A black and white cat is sitting on the edge of a computer desk where a laptop is on.
A woman is on a couch reading a book.
A woman cutting the hair of a boy whose sitting in a toy airplane.
A laptop connected to a flat screen tv.
An overhead view shows a living room with sofas.
The men are playing a game of baseball on the field. 
The man was taking the people order for food
The men are sitting down and watch television. 
A desktop and a laptop on a desk.
A guitar sitting on the floor with a TV in the background.
A computer desk set at standing height using various office furniture.
A desk with a lamp, remote control, laptop, keyboard, monitor and a mouse on it. 
a desk with two monitors and a keyboard
An active computer monitor that is sitting on a desk.
A large tv seems too small for an enormous surrounding cabinet.
A man holding a Wii controller being instructed by another man.
Two men in a kitchen playing the Nintendo Wii.
A living room with TV, sofa, and fireplace.
A living room area with some couches and a television
A large and nice hotel room with a king size bed.
A very nice looking living room with a big TV.
A white car is shown on a computer monitor.
The woman is sitting at her desk with the computer on. 
Kitchen with brown cabinets and a tile floor
A dirty lookin toilet is covered in rime
A man with a laptop in front of a desk with more computers
a small dog staring into the camera as it sits down
Two laptops and a television are all running.
A person leaning over a small wooden table with stuff.
The computer desk has many CDs on it.
Men and boys playing video game in living room
A canopy covered bed sits in a sunlit bedroom.
A cat lies on the table in front of the tv.
A small bed is tucked into a corner.
Living room or recreation room with dark couch, pillows and large ppicture window.
There is a computer monitor with a graphics program open sitting on a wooden desk.
A couch and a chair in a room.
Two men holding Wii controllers in a bar.
The white dog is laying on the bed near a television.
Elderly people with walkers at a nursing home play video bowling.
A baseball player in position to pitch a ball.
a man with a remote controlling the television
Two young men sitting on a couch playing a video game. 
A room with a sofa, television, chairs and coffee table.
A cat of many colors is seen in front of a tv
A laptop computer sitting in front of a desktop computer.
A cat plays with a laptop computer trackpad.
A computer keyboard next to phone and thermos
A man sits at the desk of an office. 
A bright yellow living room with the TV on.
A Christmas tree is placed in the living room area. 
A computer set up with two monitor screens. 
A grey cat sitting on top of a computer with a silver antique fan behind him. 
A guy standing by a birthday cake in an office 
A man is working on a laptop computer.
A cat laying on top of a computer desk next to a bunch of dvds.
A toddler boy is sitting at a table and eating food. 
a man is playing video games on a television 
a big computer screen with a man on it
A woman drinking out of a wine glass.
A table features a computer screen, keyboard, mouse, headphones and a bottle.
A couch and chair are sitting in a room.
A pug lies contentedly on a duffel bag.
a cat sitting on the back of a desk while looking out a window 
A living area with couches, coffee table and a television.
Two men having beers in a dimly lit room.
Two men standing holding wii remotes playing wii
Five young adults sit around the table playing cards.
A woman is sipping away some drinks in a room. 
There  is a bedroom with a bed and desk with chair in it.
A casual living room is on display in the sun.
A woman that is holding a remote looking at a television.
This man is baking a large amount of bagels.
From this vantage point it is easy to see the wall of windows and the patio outside.
A bunch of people playing a video game.
Large cat laying down under two computer monitors.
The room has a Foosball table next to the sofas.
A woman standing in a room in front of a window.
cat laying on the top shelf above the computer monitor
A laptop sitting on a counter with advertisements and paintings in the background.
A bedroom with bicycle, computer desk and checkered bedspread.
A man is sitting at a computer, holding a tape recorder, and smiling.
a man and a small kid play a video game 
Many people are playing a sports video game while standing up.
a room that has a flat screen t.v. in it
A cat sitting in a basket that is inside a box with a television sitting behind it.
The living room is empty with the tv on
A computer keyboard sitting on a table, monitor in the background.
A man standing up in a room with a Wii video game controller in his hand and playing bowling on the television.
an image of a kitchen setting with washing machine installed
A computer desk top with laptops and a monitor.
A living room with a leather sofa, tables and tv.
this is a living room with an orange couch
A man showing a women an image on a projector.
A group of people standing in a room.
A wooden desk with a laptop computer that is on, and next to it is a desktop computer and monitor that is off.
A cat peers from its hiding place on a bookshelf.
a computer monitor and a keyboard with a mouse
A living room filled with purple couches and Halloween decorations.
small entertainment center in the corner of a room.
A computer desk with a guitar behind it.
a yellow entertainment area with a large television on it
A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a computer monitor.
A mouse sitting by a keyboard on a desktop
A woman sitting in an outdated living room.
A living room with several different chairs and wood floors.
A living room with a couch and television set is next to a sliding glass door.
A man in an office holding up a large remote control.
A nice hotel room with a bed with a white cover and a nice work desk.
Boy playing a golf game on the Nintendo Wii.
a old man plays a game of wii as people look on 
Two computers side by side on a desk.
A man sitting down playing a video game.
A tv sitting on top of an entertainment center.
A tiny and nicely decorated living room that is in someone's house. 
Man and woman holding Wii controllers in their hands. 
A bed sitting in a bedroom next to a window.
A stuffed mouse toy next to a laptop.
A cat stares at a cartoon on the TV screen.
A laptop computer set up in front of a desk top computer
A gray and white cat leaning up against a small TV.
Three people are sitting in the room playing video games
Book on small wooden desk with computer monitor.
Two before and after photos of a living room without and without furniture. 
A living room with a desk area and parquet floors.
A man standing over a wooden table topped with a plate of sandwiches.
The lady has the donuts for us to eat. 
There is a desktop computer sitting next to a laptop computer.
a very broken television outside  a big building
Artwork on a wall over a fireplace with some flowers in the foreground.
Small child on chairs in a home office.
A couch, a corner light, a chair, computer chair and desk in a small room.
Some people sitting around a very cozy looking room.
Someone opening a s small computer on a shelf.
a person cutting a pizza with some big toppings on it 
A living room with a white chair and desk.
A dark room with a big monitor on the wall.
A table with a candle, glass of wine, and magazine.
Three laptop computers with the same screensaver on a desk.
A cat sitting on a laptop that is sitting on a desk
A boy sitting in his chair with his laptop in his lap. 
A blue bedspread has patchwork material in squares.
A chair sitting in front of a brown desk.
A book sits open on the office desk next to a laptop.
An open laptop computer sitting on someones lap.
Two people smiling and standing while playing a wii game.
a light a television set a desk a mouse and wires
A cell phone sitting on a laptop in front of a TV.
A a desk with two plastic storage containers and a laptop on top.
Men sit down and look at their laptops.
The desk has a glass top on it.
A guy on a laptop and a guy holding a Wii remote.
Living room with a couch, two chairs, book shelves and a tv
A room full of suitcases, duffle bags, clothes, boxes, and a basketball.
furry dog and laptop sitting on a bed
An open faced sandwich on a cutting surface and people with laptops open in the background.
The woman is straightening the pants of a small child.
A laptop and some more items on a wooden desk.
A view of a living room that appears to be in an apartment complex.
The light shines on a cluttered desk with a laptop on it.
a fluffy cat is sitting on a laptop
A notebook computer is open on a table.
A white Macintosh computer monitor and keyboard setup.
Kitchen with appliances and cabinets residence with wood flooring.
A woman sitting on a bed with an odd look on her face.
a desk with a laptop a monitor and a mouse
Two mugs with tea bags in them near a laptop computer.
A photo of someone's room with a desk, computer and television.
Black and white photo of a living room with book shelves
person tying on laptop while cat lays with his leg on it
A group of students are around a table in the bathroom.
A living area with chairs, sofa and a television.
A puppy laying next to a laptop computer .
A person sits in a recliner with a dog and a laptop.
A girl is using a laptop computer in a darkened room. 
A cluttered desk, containing a laptop, blue water bottle, and many other items
A BOY AND GIRL ON A LAPTOP NEXT TO A PUPPY ON THE COUCH.
A young person sitting in his seat working on his laptop. 
The man is using his laptop on the desk. 
A man sitting at a desk looking at a laptop.
A woman laying on a bed looking at a laptop.
A desktop with its monitor turned off on a table. 
a cat is sleeping on top of a laptop keyboard
People are sitting on a bench writing or using electronic devices.
A computer that is sitting on a bed.
A person wearing a hoody sitting on a red couch on a laptop.
a girl is sitting in a chair looking at a computer screen
A person holds a laptop computer while attempting to prepare food.
A computer and a laptop are on a computer desk.
LAP TOP COMPUTER WITH CORDS ALL OVER THE PLACE
A man ponders important data on his laptop.
Cute girl smiling as she uses her laptop
The woman is laying on her bed with her cat.
a lady in a office looking at a computer
A sign up desk for library cards of some sort.
A laptop on top of a desk 
A man sitting at a table with a laptop.
A desk has two computer monitors, a cell phone, mouse, laptop, and keyboard on it. 
A woman sitting next to a laptop by a sound board.
A desk with a laptop and a desktop on it in front of a table with large chairs.
A laptop, cake, cell phone and books on the table
A woman laying in the bed with two dogs and her laptop. 
A baby sitting in front of a laptop computer on top of a bed.
a man sits on a chair using his computer while his dog watches
A group of small children sitting near a laptop computer.
a man sitting at a desk using his laptop 
two apple desk top computers at a desk
a living room with people chairs and a christmas tree
A group of luggage sitting in a lobby.
The laptop is displaying many lines of text.
A open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
Many items are scattered around the computer. 
A man with a large bear wearing a brown hat.
A man using a computer and stroking the cat in his lap
A row of laptops being displayed in  a store.
A made up bed with a lamp, window and picture next to it.
College Student wearing hat smiles towards the camera
A woman sits on her bed with her laptop. 
A smiling woman lays on a bed with a laptop.
Two women are smiling as one of them holds a menu.
A computer and a bed in a room together.
An Apple laptop is sitting on a bed. 
A cat has made itself comfortable on the chair.
A man sitting on a couch with a laptop in a living room.
A sony computer with a website about theory istherreason 
Three laptops in a row in the backseat of a car.
People working on computers in a crowded library.
There are three computers on the desk all on at the same time.
living room angle with fireplace, bookshelf, furniture, and hardwood floors
A busy desk with three computers running simultaneously.
A cat sits on the top of a computer desk.
 A laptop sitting on a desk with a mouse. 
THERE IS A DESK TOP COMPUTER ON THE TABLE 
The contents of a bag for a short trip.
A teenager wearing a headset types on a keyboard.
a laptop sitting on top of a box next to a projector 
The cat is sitting on the computer keyboard.
The lap top keyboard light-up feature makes the keys easier to see.
The desk is full of computers, paperwork, and books.  
A man browsing Facebook while at an ice cream shop.
A laptop computer on a desk next to a desktop computer.
This is a conference room with a lot of laptops
A young person setting on the floor reading a book in a yellow room with green trim.
man working on al laptop with multiple stickers on the back of it. 
A woman feeding a white dog a small carrot.
A guy sitting on a couch with his cat and working on the computer.
A couple of people using laptops at a long desk.
Some people gathered together in a living room.
A cluttered living room is shown with the TV on.
A Macbook laptop is set on a wooden stand.
Little girl sits in a folding chair, with a bag of m&m's, while looking at something on the laptop
A group of people are talking while standing and sitting.
A dog is laying on the couch with a cat.
A wooden shelf on a brick wall with a storage bin under it, a laptop and lamp are on the shelf.
A woman sitting in a bed looking at her laptop. 
A young man holding a laptop sleeps while using his suitcase for a pillow.
A cat lays on top of a laptop on a table. 
A stuffed monkey on a computer desk with two computers.
A large computer sitting on a desk near a smaller computer
A couple of pretty ladies sitting next to a man.
A small television is on in a room
People standing around a table with several boxes of donuts.
A man with glasses is sitting in his bed with his cat below.
Black laptop computers side by side on a countertop. 
A computer desk has two computers sitting on it.
A room with two beds, two lamps, two pictures and a telephone in it. 
Electronic and personal items from a back pack laid out neatly
A man sitting on a couch on his laptop.
A computer desk is illuminated with a desk lamp.
A woman and girl looking at a laptop while sitting at a desk.
A table with a laptop computer and three additional monitors.
A man is sitting on a bench while using his laptop.
A flat screen tv and a laptop on a desk 
A girl is playing with chalk on the sidewalk.
Young men are sitting at a table using laptop computers and another one is standing up with a laptop in his hand.
a table with some electronics on it 
A man wearing a brown cap looking sitting at his computer with a black and brown dog resting next to him on the couch.
An editing studio inside of a room with a lot of electronics.
A computer desk with a monitor, phone, and laptop on top of it.
A computer,key board,cell phones and other electronic gadgets are on the table.
A man in a blue shirt works on his laptop.
The large group of people in the living room include adults and children.
A person sits at a desk of an elegant study. 
a cat laying down on a a sofa with its paws on a keyboard
two chairs a laptop and a television set
A group of people in public using their laptops.
Various toys, medicines, and office supplies clutter a desk. 
Two laptops are on the floor near a television.
An interior view of a desk with a computer, printer and office chair.
there is a woman sitting and using a lap top
A laptop with a screenplay visible on the screen.
electrical placed on a wooden table and with wallpaper
A group of people with computers working around a table
an image of group of people in a meeting
A laptop and a bottle on a wooden table.
A black and white cat sleeps on a laptop.
A large computer monitor sitting on top of a computer desk.
Resting on the couch with comforts close to hand.
A woman sitting at a desk with a bed and mini fridge.
The young people are are playing a video game.
A desk is shown with a computer screen on.
Several laptops, a monitor and a keyboard sit on a white table.
A laptop on a person's legs on a couch.
The 2013 Innovations International CES is showcasing the latest electronics and appliances.
A living room with many shoes on the floor. 
There are computers and telephones on a desk.
A pair of older laptops are used by two men.
A woman is on a bed using a laptop computer.
A man showing something to a boy in a laptop sitting in a classroom.
A man standing in front of a table with a  computer on it.;
A laptop computer screen with a tv in the background.
a living room with white curtains and a black couch and table
A stack containing three laptop computers and a smartphone.
a girl wearing head phones standing in front of a laptop
A desk that has a laptop and cup sitting on it.
Two boys play an online game while sitting on the couch. 
The computer desk has two laptops, two monitors, and a leather chair.
The young children are doing work on the laptop at the table. 
A girl sitting on a couch with a cat on top of her laptop. 
A small laptop computer and a computer monitor sitting on a desk.
A laptop sits on top of a table.
a group of people sitting at and standing around the tables
A variety of items are shown on the top of a desk.
Two young men walking past a projection screen.
The laptop is on the desk but it is turned off. 
A table with laptops and calculators sitting on it.
The banana experiment is documented and almost complete. 
A desktop and laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.
Couple smiling at the camera while on their laptop.
a woman is sitting on a coach on a laptop
there are many items laid out across a bed
A laptop that is sitting open on top of a bed.
An open laptop computer sitting next to a musical keyboard.
A man sits at a computer at a table.
a cat looking at a computer monitor with a light on behind the monitor
office space with computer, second monitor and books
a woman is laying down working on a laptop
A woman is holding a banana and banana holder
The woman sits on a chair using a laptop in the cluttered room. 
Four young people have crowded into a small office.
A man and woman looking at a silver and black laptop.
A young child is throwing a top hat.
A group of young students with laptop and material out
A person standing by a wall with a laptop.
A computer setup featuring 3 monitors and a printer.
A black cat doll on top of a coffee cup and laptop.
A CAT SLEEPING ON THE BED WITH A LAPTOP KEPT BESIDES IT.
Looking out the window past a modern office desk 
a laptop computer, a cell phone and a telephone on a table
The desk is set up with multiple computers. 
Two men standing in a store looking at a cell phone.
A small dog laying on its belly on a couch at a table.
A computer showing a webpage atop a table.
A cat laying in front of a computer that is turned on.
A woman playing ping-pong over the top of two small child laptops.
A woman uses a cell phone on the floor near a laptop.
A person with a laptop computer and a cat laying in their lap.
A man with curly hair sitting at a dinner table.
Audience members look upon the stage in an elegantly decorated venue.
Several pictures of people using tablets and laptops.
a desk with a laptop and a monitor for a desktop on it
The unfinished wood dresser is set up against the wall.
A woman leaning against a counter in a kitchen.
An empty lunch container and napkin in front of someone's laptop.
A young child is laying on a bed and holding a laptop. 
A glass desk with monitor, keyboard and laptop.
a black laop is sitting on a table
A cat is stepping on the keyboard of a small laptop computer.
a room with a Tv screen and a fire  place
a person holds a remote as a dog lays in their lap
Group of people sitting in auditorium looking at their cellphones and computers.
A young man is sitting with his green skateboard.
A child lying next to a person studying something while on a couch.
A ginger cat resting on a PC laptop
A cat poised on a chair back looking at owner sitting on sofa.
Two people are looking at a laptop in a store.
A boy bites into a sandwich next to a laptop
A person who is working on a laptop computer.
A very messy room with two wooden bunk beds.
a group of people sitting around a wooden table 
a person looking at a tablet and a baby looking at the tv
A  tiny kitten is on the keys, the computer keyboard that is.
A girl sits in the dark, looking at a laptop with a cellphone in her hand.
A split living enviroment containing kitchen and living room
tree is a cat sleeping between someones legs
An open laptop behind a keyboard and mouse. 
there is a white lap top that is on the wood table
a room with a chair and a television
A cat is peaking around from behind a computer monitor.
a man dressed in a tie and hat sitting in a chair
A cell phone and a laptop on a table.
There are a lot of electronics left out on the table.
A loveseat next to tall windows with a courtyard view.
a table that has a bunch of chairs around it
A small office with a desk and book shelves
Two people are playing a computer video game.
A very cute cat sitting by a laptop.
A living room filled with furniture and two windows.
A small loaf of bread by some bowls of ingredients next to a laptop. 
Two people in a living room are looking at their laptops.
A large black cat sitting next to an open laptop computer.
A living area with various computers, televisions and a closet.
A desk holding a laptop with extra keyboard, mouse, speakers, telephone and empty wine glass.
meatballs, onions and broccoli on a plate 
A desk with a computer and laptop and a black chair.
A laptop computer is sitting on top of a desk.
A silver laptop computer on a desk in an office.
An orange cat rests besides a laptop computer.
A woman sitting on a couch holding a laptop.
A young man in a blue shirt sitting at a desk
A half eaten meal in a bowl near some laptops.
Two young students work together on a laptop.
Two men at a table using laptops and eating.
A small toddler, wearing a yellow bib, is investigating a laptop.
A man with an Eeyore shirt on a laptop on his lap.
4 cell phones sitting on top of a laptop computer.
A laptop computer is lit up by a lamp.
Four people in a room talking with each other with a woman outside the room with her hand up to her mouth.
a sandwich and french fries on a plate
Office workers have fun with donuts and sprinkles.
A man in a suite sitting in a chair with a laptop and holding an umbrella.
A laptop computer on a wooden floor in an old house
A backpack, laptop, mouse, power cord, head phones, flash drive, dvd and other items.
a person standing near a desk with many laptops
getting a lasagna recipe off the internet on a computer
A man is using a laptop computer on his lap
A PAN OF MEAT AND VEGETABLES ON A TABLE
Laptop computer next to a radiator on a desk.
A man on a skateboard skating around cones
Two men sitting at a table in front of computers.
A man in white shirt at table with notebook and laptop.
A persons feet resting on a desk either side of an open laptop with a second screen behind it, two desk lamps and some books
A cat that is sitting on a wooden chair. 
a laptop and keyboard on some kind of desk
A man in black shirt sitting on couch next to a laptop.
A group of people sitting in room with laptop and power chords.
A modern glass desk on a hardwood floor with a laptop on the desk.
someone propping their feet up on a computer desk.
A bed above a desk with a computer
A den with a woman watching television with a child.
A cat using a Macintosh laptop of some sort.
A man holding a baby while using a laptop 
a close up of person sitting with a laptop
Table and chair, table has a laptop and a light that is on.
A woman standing beside a double decker bus.
A boy uses a mouse and looks at a laptop on a wooden desk.
a desk underneath a framed poster with a lamp on top of it.
A group of people stand around a birthday cake with candles singing happy birthday.
a living room with a couch pillows a table and some books
The people are using their computers in the dark. 
A laptop computer sits next to a coffee cup.
A calculator on a desk and a laptop computer and desktop. 
A computer keyboard sitting next to a  computer mouse.
Man and woman sitting at table viewing computer screen.
Every computer techie deserves a corner of his own.
A row of laptop computers sitting on a long desk.
A cup of tea sitting in front of a laptop.
a close up of a laptop next to a drink
a dog laying near a laptop on a bed
A red cell phone is sitting on top of a red laptop beside a computer mouse. 
A man with a ponytail works outside on his laptop and a woman watches him.
A teacher teaching a large class showing a TED event
A laptop computer sitting under a window on a desk.
A man and woman on a couch using laptops
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
A young man sitting at a simple desk with a laptop computer and bed in the background.
a cat lays down next to a laptop on a bed
A living room with home office, sofa and coffee table
Small computer station holding a white computer. 
a person in a military uniform sitting at a desk in a tent.
A laptop and a cat on a desk.
A laptop and desk clutter, papers and wires.
This room contains a couch, a chair, a glass table with chairs and a flat screen television on top of a entertainment center.
a living room filled with couches chairs and a water cooler sitting on a hard wood floor
Old and young men sit around a table with laptops.
A Berlin notepad and a Berlin book next to a laptop.
A picture has been altered with text for notations
A lady sitting on a couch using a laptop in a living room.
a white dog behind a man with a computer in use
The living room is rather sparsely furnished, but has electronics, magazines, a gold fish bowl and slippers.
Looking out a window to the street from behind a laptop.
A table with four computers on top, three of which are laptops
A group of people playing games in a living room
THERE IS PHOTO OF A LIVING ROOM WITH FURINTURE 
A black laptop on a white desk next to a window.
A man leans against his desk in a cluttered cubicle. 
A cat crawling between a computer screen and keyboard.
A pair of tan jeans is folded over a closed laptop.
An empty kitchen with a computer monitor and laptop sitting on a counter. 
Adult male sitting on rocking chair using laptop in living area of home.
Hand on the keyboard of a laptop not turned on yet.
A man is typing near a desk cluttered with electronics.
a desk with a book and a computer on it 
Several electronics, including a laptop, are placed on the table. 
A girl is taking a test on the computer
Messy home office with laptop computer and printer
A person is sitting in a chair watching something on their laptop.
an image of a person on a laptop
A desk with a computer next to a television.
A laptop sits on a table in a cafe.
a living room with couches, lamp and cat tree
A woman sitting near a book shelf looking at a laptop.
A laptop sitting on a small table by a big window.
A woman sitting at a table at a library and working on her computer.
A man in shorts with laptop and dogs on couch.
A man sits on a couch in a sitting room with coffee table with an open laptop on it.
Close-up of a cat's face as he sleeps on a laptop.
A bedroom complete with bunk beds, chairs and a desk.
Powered on laptop resting on overstuffed couch near bookcase.
A desk area with two monitors, and lap top.
A colorful cupcake sits on a plate in a cafe.
A stove with pots on it with thermometers
The office is equipped with all the newest equipment.
A bedroom has a guitar and computer desk.
A picture of a laptop and a desktop computer on a desk. 
A table with electronics such as a computer, cell phone, laptop and a cordless phone.
a young man in a white shirt wearing headphones is browsing his laptop 
A living area with a sofa, coffee table and television.
A person is sitting on the floor with several different objects.
Two laptops sit on a round desk with people nearby.
White parrot perched on a hand above a laptop keyboard.
An office with a desk, bookshelves, computer, and laptop.
Two laptops sitting beside each other on a desk.
A thin wireless keyboard sitting on a table top.
an image of a laptop on display on a counter
A cat sitting on a chiar next to a plate with eggs and toast on it
There is a small screen next to a typer
A bird sitting on top of a monitor that has bird drawings on it.
A front room with several pieces of lounge furniture.
Three people smiling and holding wine glasses in their hands.
A man sitting at a desk typing on a laptop.
two men discussing something over there job 
A partially eaten sandwich is next to a laptop.
A laptop is connected to a computer monitor.
A hand that is sitting on a mouse next to a keyboard.
A television and a couch in a room.
A bottle with headphones attached to it in front of a laptop.
computer screen and computer mouse glowing in the dark
a guy using scissors on his computer  
A young woman using a notebook computer watches television.
A man using his laptop holding a baby on his lap.
Tow men with hardhats and blue t-shirts standing in front of computers together.
A bunk bed with a desk underneath the top bunk
A woman in scarf sitting at table with laptop.
A laptop computer is on a cluttered kitchen counter.
A room attached to a kitchen that contains a computer and a TV.
Boy using a laptop on a table in a living room.
A messy room with a television on in the corner
An open book beside a computer and some clothing.
A man working on his laptop computer at the table.
A man is holding a guitar near a laptop.
People sitting in chairs with laptops on their laps.
A wooden desk office space with a functioning computer.
On the desk are a laptop with a mouse, and a tablet.
Man inside on couch working on laptop next to dog.
Two laptops on carpet with door in the background.
A cat is looking at the side of a laptop computer.
A class room full of students and they are on their laptops.
a desk with a laptop, computer and a rocket 
a family sits at the table looking at three laptops 
A young man and woman look at a laptop.
People in a room with desks and laptops, one person is taking pictures.
A cat sitting on a table next to a laptop.
a couple of people that are eating some food off the table
A cat sitting on the keyboard of a laptop.
A laptop on a table in a room.
A woman tanking above a man with a laptop laying on a bed.
A glass desk with a variety of electronic equipment on it.
A little girl and a puppy sitting on the floor watching a laptop.
There is a desk top computer and keyboard on a desk
an outdoor table covered with a laptop, a drink and some plates of food 
A wooden table sitting next to a red wall topped with a computer monitor.
The woman stands in front of a podium delivering a presentation.
A desktop computer next to a laptop computer.
A couple of men doing something on a laptop.
Three laptops set up on an ottoman for friends to play together 
A laptop is open and the screen shows Mark Wahlberg. 
Two men stare intently at a computer screen while one works at the keyboard.
An open laptop computer sitting on a desk.
A living room filled with with furniture and a large fire place.
Two men give a speech in front of a crowd. 
A young man is having a lunch break in the office. 
A man looks at his laptop, as his wife has a cup of coffee.
A teddy bear that is set in front of a laptop.
A frizzy haired cat lying on top of a laptop on a desk.
Woman and two teens hanging out at a table using electronics.
Black and white cat lying on couch and laptop computer.
The woman is using her ipad in the bed.
A man stands in a kitchen holding his laptop and reaching for a cupboard. 
A grey cat laying on a couch with their paw on a laptop.
A bearded man in an office eats a donut
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sitting on a desk.
A small room with a bed, a desk, and a printer.
A desk covered in electronic devices in what seems to be a lab.
An open laptop sitting on a table next to a pile of books and brochures.
a bunch of food is laying out on a table
A cat plays on a laptop while watching a video.
two laptops sitting on the corner on a table 
A group of people in a classroom are using a simulator.
a can of redbull  a computer and some books
A table with a computer and a lamp is in the corner with a leather chair in front of it and a television on a stand is to the side.
 bunch of toy men near a computer keyboard and a book
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE AT A LAP TOP CONFERENCE
an image of a traveler with luggage and passport
There are three computer screens and three phones in this room.
Two young girls lay in bed using laptops.
A man and a woman sitting across from one another on a train with laptops.
this baby is on a bed using a computer
A group gathered at a table and chairs under a tent.
A bedroom with a vanity and tv on a dresser 
A person that is smiling with a computer.
A cat scratching its' collar while laying on top of a laptop.
A group of people at tables with computers and papers in front of them, and a woman holding a cellular phone up in front of her face.
a bird pecking at keys on a laptop
A laptop is on a table in a room.
A room with a brick wall and two computers, along with various other items on a desk
a sleeping cat is resting on a laptop
A man sitting back in a chair with his hand up in front of a laptop next to a woman. 
a male tennis player in a black shirt is playing tennis
A man rests in a beach chair with his laptop.
A woman is sitting down and touching her laptop. 
An aerial view of an office, showing three people at work.
Two guys sitting on a couch relaxing with a laptop on the table
A group of people seated taking wine with glasses on their table.
A cat sitting next to a person with its hand on a computer.
Three young men are standing in front of a screen
a small desk with a laptop and a monitor
The man is looking into the screen of a laptop on the desk. 
A trainer is giving a video presentation to a class.
A little girl that is sitting in front of cookies.
A black-and-white photo of an older gentleman on the computer.
a laptop with a red mouse sitting under a lamp
a flower in a vase next to a laptop and a keyboard
a cat laying down next to a woman wearing glasses 
A man standing in front of large screens while playing the Wii video game system.
Two cats playing on a bed, and one looks mad.
A simple home computer workspace is small and efficient.
A laptop is kept open on the table A black cat sitting beside it.
A man is sniffing a glass of wine
A table topped with electronics and office supplies.
A cat laying on top of a laptop keyboard.
A living room with furniture in it, including a black couch and sofa table, shelf and TV
A cat sitting on a laptop near another cat
The computer screen displays many images and words.
A orange cat sitting on top of a metal laptop computer.
A young fellow with black glasses is biting his box. 
a man and a child use computer keyboards and monitors
A cat sitting on a very small laptop. 
A cat resting on the keyboard of a laptop.
Two men with wii remotes playing video games.
A neatly organized desk area with numerous personal items.
A desk and bookshelf with a laptop computer, various books and a desk light.
A man thinks as he faces a laptop with a cup of coffee at his side.
The man is speaking at the podium while holding a book.
a dog that is laying on a blanket
The man is thinking while he works at his table.
a man lays on the floor as he messes with a laptop
A computer screen open to someone running on video
Three balloons tied to a laptop in a room full of laptops.
A dining room table covered wih a laptop, wine, and flowers. 
A woman stands in a kitchen with the cabinets open. 
A group of men are at a big table with laptop computers.
a man working on computers at a desk in his home
a bunch of computers that are on a desk
A restaurant table with a drink and computer
a close up of a persons feet laying in a bed
some people sitting at a table with some laptops and a soundboard
Assortment of wine bottles displayed on counter top in market.
A lady sitting on a bench with her laptop on her lap and a bag.
The man is sitting on the street with his laptop. 
A laptop hooked up with chains on the table.  
A person sitting in a chair on top of a hard wood floor.
A cluttered office with a notebook computer beside a keyboard and monitor.
Three people look into the camera while one man is holding a laptop.
Two people at a table looking at a computer.
A desk with a lot of computer equipment and tangled wires.
A woman sitting and looking at a laptop in a black and white photo.
some people sitting at tables are eating and one has a laptop
A tablet computer sitting between a keyboard and a monitor.
An woman across the table puts her hands over her mouth and nose
Living room area of home with couches and television.
A laptop sitting on a living space table with a spacious desert view.
A dragonfly has landed n the edge of a laptop
A man with long hair and a blue shirt sitting in front of a computer.
A fat black cat sitting in a blue chair 
Several computers on top of a long sectional table. 
A cat sitting on the floor in front of a computer and a desk.
A projector sitting on a desk next to a laptop. 
A cat staring at something while in front of a laptop. 
A cat that is sitting on a table that has electronics on it.
a woman wearing a black top is looking at a laptop
A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.
A black cat resting on a computer keyboard.
A laptop on a stand with an external keyboard connected.
a white dog is sitting on a couch
A table that has a lap top and a coffee cup on it.
An open laptop on a desk next to a window.
A view of a building with a very elegant ceiling and painted roof.
A man in brown shirt standing in a kitchen.
A young child holding up a silver colored object that has stickers on it.
A desktop computer and two laptop computers on a corner desk.
two people one on a laptop and the other on a cellphone
A dog is napping in front of a computer. 
Man with flowered shirt looking at a computer.
A laptop computer on a desk with a mouse, keyboard and headphones connected.
A man is taking beer out of the fridge. 
A bunch of items laid out on a table to be packed up.
The small bird is perched on the mouse of the laptop. 
There are three computers to use them right
A group of military personnel cutting into celebratory cakes
A woman sitting at a desk using a laptop computer.
An office cubicle with a desk, a laptop and desktop computers.
A man leaning in to see the laptop he is using
A mom holding her baby while working on her laptop.
The woman on the couch is happy with her electronics.
A person that is on his computer at night.
A bowl of food is next to a laptop and many scattered papers.
THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH A TV IN THERE 
A cat sits on top of a keyboard. 
A cat sits in front of the laptop computer.
The two computer desks each have two laptops on them. 
Living room arrangement in house with mirror on far side.
Several computer devices atop a small wooden table.
two computes in an office space. one is a lap top 
A person with a cat in their lap is sitting in front of a laptop.  
a person in glasses is using a laptop
A neat and tidy bathroom with a girl taking her picture through the mirror.
Two men with their computers sitting on a couch.
Two women using their laptops next to each other.
Three people sitting at a table on laptops
A lady riding a skate board in an office building.
A woman is sitting at a desk using a computer.
A man sitting on a bed with a dog in his lap.
Someone is sitting on their laptop in their living room near the television. 
A young child looks at a laptop screen.
A woman that is sitting on a couch in a living room.
The computer desk has many electronics and books on it.
a man sitting at a desk with an lap top powered on
A person standing at a counter cooking food in a kitchen.
People watching a business presentation on a board.
A woman working on a laptop at a desk.
The cat is in front of someone's laptop on their lap.
On a desk, a cat sits on a laptop.
The desktop an laptop computers have been set together.
a dog sits on a bed next to a laptop computer
two males at a brown table two laptops and newspapers and glasses
A living room with many upholstered items and rugs.
A man and a woman with a guitar.
a person siting at a desk with a laptop
two people stand in front of a company display.
A wooden computer desk with a computer sitting on top of it.
This is a serious workstation with laptop and cell phone now charging  during work break.
A brown and white cat near a computer monitor.
Several men look at a remote control car and a laptop.
A small dog is sitting on the desk by the computer.
A man holding a guitar in front of a laptop computer.
There is a bunch of furniture decorating this room.
A group of people spending time together in a living room
A cubicle has a computer with two monitors on the desk.
two men standing in front of a screen with an audience in the background
A young man gives a presentation for his colleagues
A man has three laptops stacked on his knees on the couch. 
A grey and white cat laying behind a laptop.
People are using laptops or resting at a lounge.
A man with glasses shows a woman sitting next to him something on his laptop.
A girl with a scarf uses her laptop on the couch.  
A pushbutton phone sitting next to a laptop in someone's cubicle.
A living room with a fire place and brown couch and tv
A teddy bear in a chair sitting in front of a laptop.
A group of men sitting around a wooden table outside underneath an arbor.
A person on their computer with pet in lap.
an image of a living room setting with people on couch
a semi private area of an airplane with a television
this desk is very long and has a lap top in the middle
People are all  leaned over computers in a dark room 
Could the cat have been working on laptop?
A woman sits on a couch with a cat right behind her.
A young woman is dancing in front of a laptop on a desk.
A man sits in a living room opening up a laptop computer.
A computer sits on a table in a hotel room.
A bedroom in an apartment in a skyscraper.
This room is furnished with a couch, bicycle, desk, chairs, coffee table, keyboard, and projector screen.
Girl sitting on couch using remote while looking at her laptop.
Children are skateboarding around cones on the road.
A laptop sitting on top of a curvy desk.
A game displayed on the screen of an entertainment system.
A PERSON AND A CAT IS IN THE KITCHEN 
A person has there feet up while on there laptop
A desk with a laptop and a desk top.
Three people are sitting in a room on laptops
Cat sits on a lap top and falls asleep 
a dog being held up by it's owner 
A group of kids are using their computers.
a group of people watching some big fireworks
A desk with a lap top sitting on it.
A table topped with magazines and a laptop.
a small area with a table and chair computer with a nice view out the window
A small dog sleeps in a basket on a computer desk.
Both women are working on laptops beside each other.
A black and white cat sits in front of a table with a laptop on it. 
A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.
A book, papers, and a drink lying next to a laptop on a table.
A man is sitting at a desk using a computer.
A little boy playing a video game while another boy is on a laptop.
A programming book sits beside an open laptop computer.
A laptop and mouse are setting on a table with some beer.
a woman sitting at her computer desk working with her computer.
A person holding an apple ipad with a power cord in hand.
A cat is sitting on a laptop computer. 
A cat puts its paw on the keyboard of the laptop. 
A child sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A living room with lots of windows filled with odd furniture and a lamp.
A laptop that is on top of a desk.
one laptop two monitors two keyboards and two mice
A man in a blue shirt sits in his office chair.
A laptop and a mouse on a table.
A man sitting at a desk on a laptop computer
There is no image here to provide a caption for.
A young man working on a laptop while smoking as a lady watches on.
A keyboard, mouse and computer monitor on a desk with a laptop.
The woman is taking a picture as other look on from the room.
a table with two computers and a camera on it 
a bed room with two beds a tv and a desk
There is a large table and many people have their MacBook's out.
Three men looking at their laptops while sitting down. 
A group of wooden desks with multiple laptops sitting on them.
Three white computers sitting on a desktop surface.
A cell phone, laptop, tablet, mouse and adapter lying on a black surface.
A home desk set up with telephone, two monitors, laptop and sound
 a man sitting at a desk working on his computer
A Macbook on top of a messy bed in a disorganized bedroom. 
a person sitting on a chair using a laptop in an open room
A laptop and other office supplies sitting atop a backpack.
There people watching another person using DJ equipment.
A male college student sits on a classroom floor looking over notes with a laptop on his lap. 
a woman holds a plate of cupcakes with candles at a birthday party
A cluttered desk with various electronics placed in front of a monitor.
An unmade bed with a red comforter and an assortment of books, notebooks and papers along with a laptop computer on top.
A laptop sits next to a computer monitor on a desk. 
A man is using a small laptop computer 
Stack of books sitting in front of a keyboard. 
A container of open yogurt is near a laptop.
The gray and white cart is looking toward an image of a cat on the screen.
The words "Connect_Anywhere" cover a black and white photo of an unattended backpack left beside the window of an airport terminal overlooking the tarmac and a commercial airplane.
People are holding a meeting seated around a dining table.
A person sitting at a desk typing on a keyboard in front of a laptop.
A person holding a laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
Three silver laptops on a clear table next to each other.
A person that is on her computer by a wall.
Cat laying  on a desk and watching a computer screen.
A bearded man with glasses on two computers.
Small personal laptop computer sitting on a old wooden bench next to a white box.
a laptop that has some pizza around it
A man and a woman are sitting at a booth with their computers.
A young woman sitting in front of four laptop computers.
A plate of food sits on a table next to a computer.
The interior of a small home with wooden floors.
The man holds up a cup wearing a shirt, tie, and shorts.
Man looking up from magazine reading sitting at a cafe table
A man setting at a table iusing his phone.
Three computer screens sit atop a wooden desk.
a group of people that are sitting with laptops
An open laptop and a plate sit atop a bed
A laptop on a desk in front of different types of pictures.
very many computer monitors in a room not well arranged
Three ripe bananas in between a laptop and a cell phone. 
People standing at display with computers and a television.
The room has lots of items on every surface.
A woman holding a camera in front of a pair of desks.
a man and woman are both looking at a screen
A computer is open with the screen showing pictures.
Two computers are shown together on a desk.
A man riding an off road skate board in a concrete building.
A classroom filled with students tying on computers
Supplies scattered out on a couch cushion next to a purse.
A picture of a home office with a desk and computer.
A young girl is sitting on a brown couch with a black laptop in her lap and a  black and white cat by her side.
Profound question on a laptop computer on a messy desk
A room filled with people, many with red shirts
a cat that is laying next to a lap top
A bed with papers and a laptop computer on it.
two people sitting at a desk with laptops
A desk with a desk top and laptop computer
A kitchen area with counter holding a laptop and coffee cup.
A living room with a spiral staircase in the background. 
Four men in a room with two laptops on a table.
A table with many scattered objects on it including a laptop bowl of oatmeal and half eaten banana on it. 
there is a desk top and a lap top on this desk
A grey and white cat laying on a piece of paper.
The black, brown, and white cat is sleeping on a closed laptop.
A laptop computer on a desk with headphones and a mouse.
A home setup for a cable TV interview
A man sitting in front of a tv holding his hand up.
A cat that is sitting in front of a laptop near a coffee cup.
A television and a laptop on a chair.
Boys and girls enjoy lunch in their classroom.
Various types of electronic equipment neatly laid out on a table.
a man is sitting at a table with a small laptop
A living room with the television on a news station.
Wii game players are totally in the moment.
A group of people sitting at tables with laptops.
a cat has fallen asleep in the hand of someone 
A man sitting in a chair with a laptop .
a man laying on the couch while looking at his laptop
a bunch of men are sitting around a table
A laptop computer and a computer monitor sit on a wooden table.
A woman sitting in a chair with a telephone headset on while using a laptop. 
Two men talking while sitting down with their MacBooks.
A man and woman sitting on a couch holding Wii controllers.
A cat taking a nap next to a laptop resting its head on the mouse.
a few people that are on their laptops
A couch next to a bed, table and a television.
It appears to be a very nice day outside.
The orange cat is sleeping on a small laptop keyboard.
Miscellaneous electronic computer devices and printer on desk. 
A large bag with a lap top sitting inside it. 
The cat is playing with the lap top from behind.
A room with a bed, dresser, desk, television and a very wide window.
A laptop and a desktop computer sit on a desk.
A dog and a girl sit on a couch and the girl is covered by a blanket.
a man that is sitting down looking at a computer
A cat snuggles up to a sweater on a desk.
A laptop right next to a small computer
A coffee table that has a cat and a laptop computer on it.
A DJ with headphones around his neck spinning a record.
A computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
a old apple lap top sitting on a table
A couple of kids sitting in front of a laptop computer.
An oriental statue next to a laptop computer
A cat resting on a green laptop during the day.
Some laptops that have a design on them.
A man is sitting on a chair with a laptop.
Some people at a table in a big library.
A desk with a computer screen, phone, can of energy drink and books. 
Men working on laptops at separate desks in an office.
A cat watching tv in a room in a house.
Two ladies' basketball teams jockey for position and wait for a shot to fall.
A person looking out the window of their loft.
A boy is leading an atv via remote that is equipped with a laptop.
Laughing women sitting on the ground holding a computer
The cat is laying in the bed by the laptop. 
PEOPLE WITH LUGGAGE USING THEIR LAPTOP COMPUTERS WHILE SITTING ON THE FLOOR
Several notebook computers are lying on a glass table in a room.
a small boy in a purple shirt is holding a green and white laptop
an  image of a two large monitors in a computer center
A man on a laptop while two cats sit with him.
there is a small lap top surrounded by other things
A television near a laptop computer on a chair.
A living room is seen with a soccer game on the television.
A desk with shortwave radio, computer system and papers. 
A girl is on her bed hugging a cat.
A cake with a laptop on it and a cup of coffee on it (cake decorations).
A table that has items on it in a living room.
The laptop is across the room from a television with stereo speakers beside it.
Hooded man at a desk using a laptop computer.
A laptop sitting on a bed near a picture of Bob Marley.
Two people sit at a wooden table while using laptops
A desk which has two computer screens and a laptop, as well as other gadgets. 
A group of computers sit on top of a desk.
there is a picture of a woman holding a lap top
A group of people sitting around a table eating food.
a desk with computer stuff on it with a phone
Pair of young men work on their laptop computers as a blonde toddler plays with a toy.
a person sitting at a desk with a laptop
A home office with two monitors in front of a window.
A laptop computer, cell phone and speaker sit on a desktop.
a white desk a chair a window and a laptop
A man in a high rise apartment relaxing with his feet up on the table.
A small laptop computer sits on the table with a couple remote controls and a "vino" cup.
A person typing on a keyboard, in the dark.
Several people are grouped around a computer screen.
a kid wearing headphones and using a laptop 
A guy sits at a table working on a computer. 
A computer image designed to look like a see through computer.
A library with laptops on the desk and a woman studying. 
The living room kind of has a cluttered look to it.
Three different computers are displaying content in very close proximity to each other.
A cat laying on a laptop keyboard and staring at the camera.
there is an ipod next to a headphone and telephone 
a laptop being operated on a wooden desk
A desk with office equipment and powered on computer on it.
A table with two laptops and a monitor on it. 
A baby sitting inside of a saucer near a TV.
a person using two laptops on a bed 
A blurry pictures has boys sitting by laptops.
A man holding a autographed laptop computer in his hands.
A group of people at a party, eating a very large pizza.
A woman sitting on a couch using a laptop. 
The keyboard of the laptop is reflected in it's screen. 
A red wooden table sitting below a window with curtains.
A room with a couch up close and a table in the background.
A group of men sitting around a table using computers.
A person is calling someone on his phone regarding information on his laptop.
a woman sits at a laptop at a table
A laptop sitting on a table in a room with other laptops.
A baby being held up, is sitting,  watching something on a laptop.
A child's play kitchen right next to a real kitchen.
A lady seated at a heavy wooden desk using a laptop PC.
A hand that is on a mouse, next to a laptop.
A large space is decorated with couches and up one small set of stairs is an area with a large table and chairs and rows of seating.
A desk with one laptop and one computer on top of it.
A man working on his laptop in a family room.
The cat is helping his owner play on the computer.
Some shining a flashlight at a laptop computer screen and stuff on a desk.
A large desk in a room that has a notebook and a laptop computer on it.
A notebook computer is set up with an additional keyboard and monitor.
Cluttered desk with a desktop computer and open laptop computer. 
A dog is sniffing on a hardwood floor.
Kitchen during cooking with a laptop on the counter
A laptop computer on a metal stand at the edge of a park
A plate of two burgers on it next to a bottle of beer.
A man and woman standing next to each other.
A young man watching television at a desk with a laptop and a notebook.
a baby fiddles with a laptop on a bed 
A laptop computer is sitting on a corner desk.
A cat that is laying on someone's lap.
Four people are sitting on a couch watching a Wii game.
A laptop computer next to a computer monitor and a pile of papers.
A laptop and a keyboard rest on stacks of books. 
there is a woman sitting at a table with a lap top
A young businessman with long hair is on a laptop screen on a table next to a cup of coffee and a pair of ladies eyeglasses. 
A young man using a laptop computer in a show room.
An office is filled with a desk, computer, printer, laptop, and chair.
A MacBook Pro laptop next to its box.
A man that is sitting on a bed with a laptop.
A laptop, keyboard and a lamp on a table.
A neutral colored family room with table and chairs.
A brown chair sitting in a room next to a table.
A corner desk with computers on it and a guitar beside it.
there are three laptops turned on and sitting on a shelf.
A man is sitting at a small desk with a lap top.
An elaborate computer setup containing two computers and a speaker system.
A person reading a paper and looking at a laptop computer
Man in red shirt holding up a laptop in the kitchen. 
A man sitting at a desk looking at an open laptop.
The woman are sitting at the restaurant table on the laptop.
The person is holding the camera in their hand. 
A woman using a laptop computer with a cat sleeping on top of it.
There are four people sitting on a subway seat and two are looking at their phones.
Three men are using laptops at a library.
a wooden desk with a black and silver computer 
A work desk with computers and drinks on it
Man holding a baby while on a computer.
A computer station the size of a school desk is not big enough for two computers.
there is a cat laying on a pillow on top of a desk
Man standing on a chair looking at a computer.
A laptop on a desk in a room.
A man sitting at a table with his lap top.
A monitor sitting next to a keyboard, headphones and another monitor.
this lap top has duct tape on the side of the screen
A woman sitting in front of a table with a lamp on it.
A dog sitting on its dog bed in the middle of a living room.
A man in a yellow shirt with a laptop sitting on a street ledge.
A small work bench with a lot of hard drives on it.
A couple of monitors sitting on a desk, with a shelf behind it.
this is a man sitting in his kitchen
A grey laptop on white desk next to mouse.
A baby boy playing on a laptop computer.
A shirtless man is messing with a laptop
a small laptop sitting on a larger laptop
A man is eating a sandwich and on a laptop
A man with a tie is standing in an office.
A table pc sitting on top of a wooden table.
An apple laptop with pens, headphones, books and various small items.
Woman relaxing on public bench resting her feet on a suitcase.
Modernistic couches and chairs surrounding a big-screen television.
a couple of laptops sitting on a table
two monitors three laptops a keyboard and a desk
Very dark image with some type of electronic device providing light
A beautiful young woman laying on a bean bag chair using a laptop computer.
A laptop sitting on a kitchen counter with chopped ingredients in front of it 
The living has a table where someone can do sewing on. 
there's a laptop, glasses, a pen, notebook, and a booklet
A laptop and accessories on a blue bed.
A black and white image of a young man on his laptop outside. 
a man in glasses and a hat in a suit
Two people play with wii remotes in front of a computer.
A man is using his laptop on a traveling train.
The parrot is biting the keys of a laptop. 
Two boys laying on the floor in front of laptops 
A black cat rests on the keyboard of a laptop
A desk that holds a clock, computer, books, lamp and knickknacks. 
A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A cat laying on top of a wooden desk under computer monitors.
four pictures of different rooms with many items
Three students at computers in a small room.
A snow board sitting on top of a glass table.
A camera next to a laptop in front of blue cabinets.
Large crowd observing computer monitors with walls and floor
a male boy in a green shirt and a laptop
A little kitten sitting on a warm laptop computer.
A black laptop sitting on a desk across from some people at other working areas.
A laptop computer is on a table outside with an umbrella above it. 
A man sitting on a bed using a laptop.
A large waiting room filled with lots of people.
A notebook computer on a lap desk on a bed.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
A computer desk, with a laptop on a stand, a keyboard, and a mouse.
A meat sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
A cat is sleeping on top of a laptop computer.
A room with Tv, couch, table, vase and a wall hanging
Some computer stuff and a cell phone on a desk.
A brown surface holds a computer mouse, a laptop, a key board and a bottle of water.
Two cats are sitting on a computer keyboard.
Two video game remotes are standing next to each other.
A cup of coffee in the middle of a desk.
There are electronics sitting on top of a desk.
A plate of rice and beans and a drink beside a computer. 
a persons hand near a phone and computer
A computer and other items sit on a desk near a window.
a bunch of black laptops are on a table
A laptop is glowing brightly on the desk.
The cow is standing still as a man holds her lead.
A man in orange shorts sitting on a chair. 
a white black and brown cat a laptop and some pens and pencils
A laptop computer next to a bowl and plate of food.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a blue counter.
A very cute dark cat standing near a computer.
A group of people sitting on black couch next to a laptop.
A busy office desk holds a laptop computer and a desktop computer.
A woman uses computer equipment inside a yellow case.
The man sitting at his laptop with earphones is drinking wine.
The living in an old house with stained glass doorway
A dog lying beneath a desk that has a laptop and mouse.
There are three monitors and one laptop out on the desk.
People are in the living room drinking champagne. 
An Apple laptop computer sitting on a desk.
Piles of plastic laptop computers with one open to show the keyboard
some flowers that are sticking out of a can
A man hunched over in front of a lap top computer.
Several tables with laptops on them and a projection screen.
A crowd of people standing around a long table.
Two wires have a lot of wires coming from them.
A kitchen corner with a stove and a monitor.
A woman is using a laptop at a library.
Two men overlooking the activities of students on small computers. 
A man working at a laptop on a table 
Three computer monitors sitting on top of a wooden table.
There is a cat lounging on a bookshelf
A fat cat resting on top of a laptop computer.
a cat is sitting near a laptop in a room
A system failure message over windows on a computer screen.
Pot pie and broccoli on a plate on a table with a laptop in the background
an image of a kitchen setting with various cords hanging
A Siamese cat laying on top of a computer.
A boy sitting at a desk with a note pad and calculator. 
A desk area with two laptops and chairs.
a man is sleeping next to a laptop
a desk with two laptops and a glass of wine
Laptop computer with a mouse and several coffee cups nearby. 
a cat that is laying down on a laptop
Clutter of computers and books on a long work table.
A desk that has three computers on top of it.
A cake depicts a laptop, mouse, and latte.
a table top with some computers on top of it 
Leather Fossil wallet and watch laying next to a laptop.
two black cats are sitting on a desk and a silver machine
Two men sitting on a couch working on their laptops.
A desk cluttered with paper and things and a laptop that is on.
A man covering his head holding a lap top.
Several people sitting at a table looking at laptops.
A group of people sitting in a restaurant and each using a laptop.
A close up of a cat sitting on an open laptop on a table.
A brown and white dog sits on a chest while a black and white cat sits on the floor nearby.
Man lying on bed next to laptop with cats in bedroom.
A man on his phone in front of his laptop at a cafe 
A room with tall curtained windows and leather chairs.
A laptop on sitting on a bed. 
A dog resting his head on a man using his laptop.
A number of women sitting at a table with computers.
an image of two people playing a video game
A little baby playing with a mouse and keyboard.
A man with a head lamp on looks at a computer.
A small room with a chair, desk, and computers on the desk.
A baby on a bed looks like it is typing on a laptop.
A man holds up an x-ray and looks at the camera.
a santa claus figurine looking at a laptop
Room with a couch, keyboard next to the double doors, and a computer chair in front of a table with a computer on it.
a close up of a laptop on a desk 
A man using a laptop computer while wearing a beanie.
A lamp is on by a laptop on a desk
A large white living room with two brown leather sofas.
Two cats seem quite cozy sleeping on a laptop.
A man lying down with his dog with a laptop on his chest
A bedroom with a person sleeping in the bed 
A calico cat is laying on a laptop computer.
Two people are dressed in banana costumes in front of a cake with candles.
A dog getting attention in front of a laptop
A living room with a black couch, desks and a beige carpet. 
A computer desk with multiple monitors left on.
Cell phone plugged into laptop to charge up it's battery
Two laptops sit open and powered up on a desk
A wooden table topped with four laptop computers.
A laptop is sitting on the same table as three computer monitors.
A couple at a table in front of a window in a small living space.
There is an assortment of objects spread out on the floor.
A laptop computer sitting next to knitting equpment.
A add for a job and or company.
A room contains three computer screens and many colorful posters.
A home office with two computers and a bookcase
A bed containing two small boxes and an electronic item
An office with a desk and a clock mounted on the wall above it.
A laptop on a desk with several decorations on it.
A small kitchen complete with refrigerator, microwave, oven, sink, and a table to eat at.
A pair of laptops sitting next to each other in a room.
A man is sitting in front of his laptop computer.
A couple sits on a couch, the man holding a laptop, the woman holding a dog.
A man sitting in front of an open laptop computer.
Three people gather around a laptop to talk.
A grey laptop has a corded mouse connected through its usb port.
A woman is at work on her computer
Two dogs sleep beside each other on a bed. 
an open laptop on a sofa next to a remote control
A man with a mug sits by his laptop in front of a window.
View through facade of a modern glass building of a man on a laptop.
a guy holding a book walking across the street on a foggy day
Woman in a chair outside using a laptop
This is a contoured picture of students in a classroom.  
A young woman with a laptop sits at a food counter.
A man on a Macintosh holding a plate of dinner.
A black cat curls up on an open laptop computer.
A man is looking at the screen with two computers.
Expensive headphones resting between two white and black laptops.
A man sitting on a couch by a dog viewing a laptop.
a laptop computer a keyboard with a screen a mouse and home phone
A desktop computers sitting on a desk next to a laptop.
A round table with several lap tops on it
A posing woman in white has a laptop computer.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a red desk next to a mouse.
An unorganized desk with alcohol, a laptop, computer and a phone.
Three women are gathered around a hospital bed.
A desk with two computers and other work materials.
Desk, books and computer on desk in a room.
A cat sits in front of a laptop while sitting on it's owners lap.
A table with a sandwich, glass of beer an a laptop.
A laptop computer that is sitting on a carpet.
A painting of a man in a top hat on a laptop computer.
Laptop computer sits on desk area with literature.
A glass table with two white chairs around it.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
A cat sits on a chair near a laptop while another looks out a window.
Two desktop computers and a laptop are sitting on a desk.
A group of people that are sitting in front of laptops.
Various items such as sunglasses, keys, and batteries on a table
A cat is lounging on a chair beside a laptop.
a bedroom with a bed, desk, laptop, and shelving with window allowing sunllight in
Young men in a classroom each with his own laptop open.
A computer set up on a desk with three additional monitors
A woman sitting on her couch knitting while looking at her laptop computer.
A man getting something out of a fridge.
a flag is hanging above a bed in a room
A baby sitting on a bed playing with a laptop.
Three laptop computers sitting next to each other on a kitchen counter.
a close up of a cat with a laptop on a couch
Two men sit together and look at a laptop. 
Homemade device with laptop keyboard secured to wooden board.
A man in a suit and red tie leans over a black table while looking at a black laptop.
A living room full and untidy with many household items.
a cat laying on a closed laptop computer
Two people in bed covered up and  using laptops.
a laptop sitting on top of a box on a desk
An Apple laptop sitting on a wooden desk in an office.
A couple of laptop computers sitting on top of a bed.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk next to a keyboard.
The typist is busy working at the computer keyboard.
Plates of food consisting of different meats and some rice. 
A donut is sitting on a table by a laptop computer.
A pot of flowers next to a box of assorted flowers.
A cluttered desk holds two laptops and a desktop. 
A home office has a desk and a laptop.
Three young ladies are sitting on the couch, watching something on a laptop. 
Two men looking at a piece of paper with a laptop in the background.
A room with a laptop, microwave, and several wine glasses.
A black cat laying on top of a white lap top computer.
A very cute boy with a funny fake mustache and tie.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A couch and a television in a room.
The small black laptop is set on another closed laptop.
A guy types on his laptop while sitting on the toilet. 
A black cat sitting on the keyboard of a laptop computer
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
A computer desk in a room with a chair and other accessories. 
Several people are on the beach on towels or chairs
A woman sitting on a wall next to bike holding a laptop.
A door is wide open and pouring sunlight into a living room.
Guy sitting at desk working on his laptop.
this is a group of men working on a laptop 
a room that has some chairs in it
The man sits at the library table in front of the laptop.
A girl working on a laptop in dim light.

A girl is making a powerpoint on a laptop.

a cat sitting by a laptop and looking right at the person taking the photo 
A man and woman work on their computers.
A television screen showing a news broadcaster with closed captioning. 
Small desk with electronic equipment in office type room.
The table and chairs are unoccupied in the bookstore.
Two lap tops set up on a desk in front of a decorated wall.
A laptop is sitting beside a desktop computer on a small desk.
a guy that is sitting down with a keyboard in front of him
The five people are gathered together in the living room.
A person sits on an exam table, while a medial person gets the laptop.
A hand holding a cellphone with a laptop in the background.
A computer on a desk in a room.
A desk with a keyboard, monitor, and laptop sitting on it. 
A display featuring a retro designed living room. 
A person near a large screen with others at a long table.
A neat and tidy bedroom with work desk
a well arranged room as an meeting room
a television desk and bed adjacent to a kitchen with fridge and stove showing
A man sitting at a desk with a phone in hand.
Laptop and mouse on table in a cafe.
Black-and-white cat walking over top of a laptop. 
A small office with a desktop computer and a laptop.
Bright yellow walls in a living room add a blast of warm color.
An open view of a laptop is seen.
A dining room table and chair set sitting next to windows.
Group of people all sitting at a table working on personal computers.
A well decorated living room with tables and chairs.
an older woman is using a laptop at a library.
A cross woman sitting in grass with her computer
A young woman sits at a picnic table with her laptop.
The corner of a computer monitor that is turned to the off position.
A desk with two open laptops and a coffee mug.
A couple walking together with an umbrella. 
A man sits in front of a laptop with his cell phone.
A desk area shows a laptop computer, a monitor, a fan and a computer mouse.
a man on his lap top on a bench
A very well lit room with complete furnishing
A computer keyboard with shadows from unseen light source..
a glass of beer a woman in a black top and a laptop
A woman sitting at a desk in a room with a laptop, monitor, and microphone.
THERE IS A MAN THAT IS HOLDING AN ELECTRONIC DEVIE IN HAND
the laptop and other computer equipment are on the table of the dimmed room.
A wooden dining table holding a sandwich and milk.
Three on the laptop computers are neon green.
Computers and televisions sit in a row on an office desk.
An old man standing over a sink wearing red suspenders.
A man is eating a small bagel with a box in his lap.
A person looking at a laptop computer, with a bottle of liquid next to it.
A bed next to a suit case filled with clothes on a floor.
A tacky living room with a small black rug.
A banana and strawberry on the keyboard of a laptop. 
a desk with four monitors a keyboard and one laptop
A bulky laptop computer on a desk near a lamp.
The entertainment room includes a television, instruments, game systems, and movies.
A cold beer is placed just to the right of a laptop.
A man pose for a picture while holding a laptop
a table with a laptop and remote controls
a close up of a cat laying on a laptop 
some chairs are around a small desk in a room
Two laptop computers sitting next to one another on a table.
an entertainment center with a large television showing a space shuttle launch
There is a computer on the work desk.
a television is on a small wood stand
Boy makes a funny visual effect using his laptop
a young child sitting on the floor with a laptop
Someone has been living in a motel room for awhile.
A girl looks unhappy as she sits in front of the computer.
Person with a laptop sitting on a living room couch. 
A woman and girl in a living room holding Wii remotes.
A man is standing in a cluttered living room.
a large office filled with computer items and papers
A desk that is cluttered and has two laptop screens.
A woman takes a selfie with her phone in the bathroom mirror.
A man laying on a couch next to other men.
The chair has a set of patio doors behind it.
A cell phone balanced on top of a Gatorade bottle.
An orange and white cat sits on a laptop keyboard.
A couple of electronic devices stacked on each other.
Tidy young adult male's desk and computer area.
a desk with two laptops and a desktop computer on it
a close up of a plate of watermelon 
A child with headphones on watching something on the computer.
A woman walking in a restaurant with a uniform on. 
A pile of luggage sitting next to a wall near a computer.
A girl on a bed who also has a large scar down the middle of her head.
A new laptop computer with its instruction books and cables, which are still in the packaging.
A young man laying down that is using a computer. 
A desktop computer is sitting on a wooden desk.
A woman is lying on the couch with her laptop.
A cat is laying on top of a closed lap top that is sitting on the table.
Kitten playing with a dog that is on the tv.
A girl sitting with  her middle fingers pointed 
A round illuminated ball next to a laptop on a desk.
A woman typing on her laptop with a cat on her lap
A cat sitting on a desk next to a laptop, computer and a chair.
A cat sitting on top of a couch cushion.
A home office with desk, chairs, and book shelves built into the wall.
A keyboard sits on a table over a red radiator.
A trio of men lounging in a kitchen.
A desk with two laptops, two computers, headphones and a cell phone. 
a laptop on a wooden table with chairs near by
Large oak desk with laptop, keyboard, and pictures on shelves.
A nice lookign couch sits in an empty room
A young girl sitting in her bed with a laptop on her lap, talking on a phone.
Three plates of food are near a laptop, bottles, and glasses. 
an at home office with several computer towers and a laptop on a desk
Three computers are sitting on an already crowded desk.
A group of people sitting at different tables.
A soup with vegetables in it next to an orange and some headphones.
a game console featuring a well known game and two controllers
A home desk which has a computer, a laptop and a lamp.
A room with a rocking chair, Christmas Tree and presents, as well as a TV and laptop
Playing on a small laptop and a phone at the same time is not recommended
A person in a red sweatshirt is at the park on a laptop.
Grey cat sits on laptop computer on the floor
A group of colleagues working on computers around a table. 
a man checking out a laptop another man is holding 
A dog that is sitting by a computer.
A man laying in bed holding a laptop computer.
some people sitting at long tables with some laptops 
A girl lays on her bed watching a video on a laptop.
a bunch of photos of people looking at cell phones
A cat laying down near a laptop computer.
A person hiding behind a white lap top.
An iPad on a well-made bed with pillows.
A woman sitting on the floor near a table
The occupants of this home are avid book readers.
A living room filled with a brown couch and brown love seat.
The wooden table has many electronics including cell phones, and a laptop.
A set of three large wooden book shelves filled with books.
A plastic cup is full of candy is next to a laptop and smartphone.
A man staring at a laptop in a house.
A woman in a floral jacket viewing a computer screen.
A young lady is on the couch with two laptops. 
A kitchen laptop computer with a cut head of cabbage and spices.
A small chair sitting at a desk with a computer on it.
Two ladies are sitting on their laptops at the table and one of them is on their phone. 
Patrons have a meal in an elegant restaurant.
a close up of a person operating a laptop
a table full of electronic items sitting neatly side by side
The woman sits holding a cup of coffee at a table with pastries on it.
A group of people sitting at tables in a room.
Sailors in a control center talk on a radio.
One small laptop and one larger laptop on a table.
A cat that is laying down with it's head on a laptop.
A wallet, MP3 player, headphones, change, cellphone, flash drive, mascara, pencil, bracelets, keys, and handbag sit on a bed in front of a laptop.
A long table with a bunch of laptops on it.
A pet sitting on top of a computer.
the kitten is sitting in the nook on the mouse.
A group of men standing around a living room holding Wii controllers.
An open laptop computer on a glass-top desk.
Two open laptop computers sitting on a wooden desk.
A boy kissing his mother on the forehead at a table. 
a boy at a desk on his laptop 
Adult man standing in room using remote control with game on video screen.
A person's legs stretched out on a chair in front of a computer
A laptop computer, a computer screen and a mouse
A laptop and a computer screen on top of a table.
Three people sitting at a table, two with laptops and the other writing on paper.
A dek with a laptop, a mouse, some notes, and a drink.
A grey and white cat sitting behind a laptop computer.
A woman stares at her computer next to a stuffed puppy.
A girl works on two different netbooks at once. 
A computer desk has three computers on it.
A group of people sitting in front of a computer talking.
An open laptop computer, a cup, a bowl and some books sitting on a table.
A laptop on a desk with a mouse, book, CD and pens.
A man and a woman sitting on a couch.
The cat is cleaning itself on the laptop.
Large projection screen in use while audience watches from their seats.
A desktop and laptop computer are seen next to each other.
A dog sitting on the floor near two wooden chairs sitting at a wooden desk.
Laptop picture of three men in suits talking to each other. 
A man uses a laptop while holding a cat.
A view of an open laptop being used in and auditorium.
A bare room with folding table and chair and dog on bed
There is a counter top filled with computers.
A man with headphones sitting at a desk looking at a computer.
A closeup shot of a black cat's paw and a laptop keyboard. 
A man pulls a piece of paper from a printer in an small office.
a couple of monitors are on a wood desk
A baby is sitting on a laptop and reaching for the keys.
a woman is on her bed holding her ipad 
A home office with three laptops and a desktop with speakers.
Multiple computers set up on a desk in an office.
A room with a bed and a a laptop.
The little boy is playing while the man takes a nap.
A clean office holds a desk, computer, telephone and office chair.
A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer.
A workspace with a laptop computer and desktop computer.
some people with cameras some standing and others are sitting
There is a glass of wine next to a computer
A cat is sitting in the chair of a computer desk.
Two people sit near many luggage bags using laptops. 
A laptop is placed on the bed with someone laying. 
A woman with a cold drink is staring at a laptop.
a plastic bottle sits in front of a laptop 
Two women working on a computer with information on wall behind the computer.
a small boy with a laptop and a mouse and brown desk
Two men are at a large desk with a computer.
A grey and black cat taking a nap on top of a laptop computer.
There is a person using a stylus on a touch screen computer
A cat sits next to a laptop on a desk
A group of people sit with their computers on their laps.
A cat stands near a box of pizza on the floor. 
A laptop setting on a desk with a doughnut and cup of coffee.
A baby plays with a little lap top on the couch
a person sanding with a keyboard on his neck
this is a desk with balloons on it
A cat hiding behind a laptop and box
A gray and black cat is next to a laptop computer.
A wood table topped with a candle and computer.
A cat sniffing the screen of a laptop computer.
Two laptop computers sitting side by side on a table.
Several wires around a laptop and other electrical boxes.
A young child plays on a laptop on a table
A woman standing up with a open laptop.
A Young boy is lounging on a couch holding a piece of electronic equipment to his chest.
A group of men in suits sitting on couches talking.
Croissants and fruit on a plate with coffee on the side. 
A cat is asleep next to a laptop.
A dog sits in a room with a couch, table, and desk.
The men are working on their laptops together. 
A woman is on her cell phone while two other women and a man stare at her as they all sit on a bench.
A desk with two laptops, a computer monitor and a telephone.
The two laptops are on a wooden table near mouse pads.
Two people are on the grass with a laptop.
A usb keyboard is connected to a computer.
A laptop, clock and television sitting on a table. 
Two businessmen are sitting and working on their laptops at a tradeshow.
Black and white, close up of top-side view of a CD next to an open lap top.
Desk with open laptop on it that has mouse and headphones attached
A bed can be seen across a room. 
A wooden table topped with a laptop computer and TV.
A person lying on a bed looking at a laptop in a messy room
A room filled with computers and laptops on a desk.
A room filled with lots of laptop computers on top of desk.
Four people with a birthday cake on a table.
three people sitting on a couch and they all have a laptop
Two people looking at laptops one holding their shirt over their face.
A desk with a computer on it in front of a window 
A woman laying on her bed with a laptop open in front of her.
A little boy sitting at a table eating a sub sandwich.
A woman dressed in pink kissing her black cat with a laptop on her lap.
Two open laptops sitting on a bed in someones room. 
A laptop computer is on a desk next to another desk with a computer.
Blurry photograph of three couples hanging out at home
A black cat watching a laptop and a desktop at the same time.
a lady sitting on a mattress on the floor on her computer 
A group of little kids working on a laptop
A group of students gathered around computers in an auditorium.
some phones on a wooden table and a laptop
On this table there is a laptop, a book, a notepad and pen, some keys, some glasses in a case, a fanny pack, and a backup chip for the computer
A brown, black, and white cat sleeps next to a laptop computer.
a living room with a brown couch and other furniture. 
A person holding a cigarette lighter up to the image of a man smoking on a laptop.
a man using a laptop at the dining table
A man is working on a laptop computer at a desk.
Laptops are open to different web pages in a computer lab.
some people sitting around a laptop and looking at what is on the screen
A computer desk with both a laptop and a desktop computer. 
A laptop is illuminated in a dark room.
A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A television is by a bar with a wine glass.
A studio apartment with bed, tv, and desk
A couple of laptops on a long table
A laptop and a home computer on a desk.
A cat rests it's front paws on a laptop.
A man in a hoodie on a city street is studying his laptop.

Two women sit at a table looking at their laptops.
A guy and a girl are sitting in rocking chairs using laptops.
a couple of girls are sitting in the grass
two female hands and a black laptop and a camera and controller
A man working on a laptop surrounded by many more laptops.
A dining room table with a laptop, teddy bears and a bag. 
a man laying on a bed and using a silver laptop 
A computer on a desk with boxes of components.
Two kids sitting at a table in front of laptops with two adults behind them smiling. 
Image of a smartphone being consulted in front of a laptop.
A cat laying next to a laptop computer on the desk.
A laptop on top of a table in a room.
A woman sits with a computer in her lap.
Two computer screens glow on the desk in a dark office.
An image of a lap top and a computer on the desk
A long desk holding a computer and a musical keyboard.
Two calculators sitting on a table in front of a laptop.
This is two full size beds located inside a motel room.
A small laptop computer sitting on a wooden table.
The television is on in a cluttered residential room decorated with christmas lights.
A laptop and a computer monitor on a desk
People in the lounge chair and at the tables studying.
A person sitting in front of a microphone holding a laptop, surrounded by people sitting with their laptops, in the dark.
Two women and a man at a laptop are in a business meeting at lunch time. 
a desk with a monitor keyboard and laptop
The black cat is sitting on the desk.
Some people on a coach with a few laptops
A cat laying on top of a laptop computer on a bed.
Man sitting inside enjoying a drink and checking out laptop.
a man wearing headphones looking something on his laptop
Two people sitting on the couch with a guitar in front of them.
A dog looking through the blinds in a dining room
A kitten sitting on a laptop computer's keyboard.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
Man sitting on a couch looking at a laptop
A laptop, oranges, an apple and a teddy bear on a bed. 
A woman at a desk with a computer monitor and CD case.
A dark computer room with one woman inside of it. 
Small black kitten laying its head down on a controller. 
An untidy desk with a laptop computer, printer, and various related items and papers.
bare desk with computer and mouse on top, with headphone hanging from the wall, with an overhead light.
two males and a drink a laptop and a cellphone
Two computers are on the matress of a small bed.
A laptop computer sitting upon a table near a bright lamp.
A cat sleeping on someones lap in a living room
some people at tables and laptops and lights
A white laptop sits on a car seat
a man sitting on the floor using his laptop
A bunch of bananas and a laptop on a table.
Man laying down on a bed with a laptop on his stomach. 
A woman taking a phone call at her desk.
A man sits cross legged while pointing to his laptop screen.
a desk that has some computers on it
Two computers with mouses are shown on a table.
Guy sitting at the front of the bus typing something on his laptop
a person on a balcony with a laptop 
A large group of people clustered outside with baggage around them.
A laptop computer set up at a table overlooking a busy seating area. 
A desk with a laptop, rotary phone and clock.
A wooden desk has three computers on it
Many members of the navy work while on a ship.
An artist's rendering of an artist sitting before a laptop computer.
A hairy cat sits on an open laptop sitting on a tabletop. 
a laptop computer open with a cell phone and camera sitting on it
A personal computer and a laptop are sitting on a desk with a few books.
A desk containing a black laptop, candy, money, and several bananas. 
A person watches tv in a room with a couch and a laptop
A laptop on a round table in a garden behind a home.
Young boy with red shirt and jeans sits at desk in front of laptop computer
A girl relaxing, doing some work or reading on a laptop.
An open lap top computer on a wooden corner desk.
A cat is trying to sleep on a persons desk.
there is a very large brown bed in this room
a airplane that is on a brown desk
A large bed in a bedroom next to a wall.
A person is on a laptop computer which is in front of a brick wall. 
A woman is typing on her laptop on a bench.
A man is lying in bed with his laptop while a woman jumps of the bed.
A young woman sitting on a bed using a laptop
Older people gather round the living room playing a Wii console
a woman wearing a purple jacket her laptop and bicycle
A group of people gathered around a table.
a desk with a laptop and a monitor 
A child sitting in front of a laptop.
A room lighted with purple light and home lighting effects.
Two young ladies work on laptops on a white counter top.
A girl with a her feet up using a laptop in a car.
a table that has a couple of computers on it
A chair in front of a laptop on top of a desk.
Two notebook computers sit on top of a table.
A group of four pictures showing a girl's room decorated pink.
A desk with two laptops on it and both turned on.
Couple people sleeping on the couch while dud plays the Wii
A woman with glasses is sitting at a desk as she types on her laptop.
A living room with a black sofa, a black chair, and a flat screen TV.
We see the top of a woman's face looking back.
A baby crawls on a laptop computer sitting on a couch.
A cat sits on top of a computer on a table.
a cluttered room with a laptop computer on one table and a lot of furniture
A man sits at a computer desk by a window with power line decals on the wall.
A wooden floor with laptop, cellphone and a messenger bag.
An open laptop computer sitting on a  desk next to a mouse.
Laptop sitting on top of red quilted bed.
An office desk with a laptop computer and a phone.
Man works on repairing a computer in workshop.  
A laptop computer sitting on a table next to a plant and air conditioner.
An office workstation with laptop computer and desktop monitor.
There are people on there lap tops at the conference
A classroom with laptop computers, a projection screen and a basket of cookies.
An old computer displays a screen from a computer game.
A laptop next to a television and some video devices.
The man is relaxing on his deck with his laptop 
A LAP TOP COMPUTER ON THE BACK DROP VIEW
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
The baby is playing with the keyboard of the computer.
A bed with messed up bedding and a computer on it.
A clock displayed on the wall above a table with a laptop on it
A small desk with a laptop displaying the logo for Flickr.com
A dog climbing on top of a person sleeping on a couch.
A laptop on a plaid black and white blanket.
A man that is bent over touching a laptop.
A long desk has two computers on it.
A woman is playing with a Nintendo Wiimote.
A person sitting at a desk with their feet on top with a laptop in their lap 
A laptop sitting on top of a bed.
Some sliced apples are in a white bowl
A young person holding up a cell phone to a computer screen.
Woman with fingers poised over the keyboard of a laptop.
A silver mouse sits on a white keyboard.
A picture of a naked women who is using a laptop.
A car walks off the desk and onto a person's leg.
A man with sitting at a desk with a laptop and mouse.
A group of teenagers gather around a glowing object. 
A cat laying in front of a window with its paw over its eyes.
a grey cat staring at a laptop computer screen 
The pastry on the table is next to a cup of coffee.
Two men are at a table with their computers.
The computer has a screensaver of plants outside the window.
A laptop sitting on a table and a cup and a pen is also on a table.
Two lap top computers that have been set next to each other.
There is a laptop computer on a table, along with a soda, chips, and a hot dog.
A desk with two laptops and one desktop.
A view of a desktop with a laptop and normal keyboard and mouse on it. 
A man plays a Nintendo Wii video game. 
A woman is on her knees in a chair looking at a computer.
A person typing on a laptop computer keyboard.
A sandwich on cornbread with several toppings on it.
A group of people with laptop computers and books sitting at tables.
Four people sitting on a couch in front of a picture.
A boy poses for a picture while sitting in front of a laptop.
A man behind a podium throwing a Frisbee and an outstretched hand trying to catch it.
A young man and woman sitting at a computer.
Cat laying on a laptop on a bed.
There is a laptop and it is hooked up to two monitors.
The papers lie haphazardly beside the small laptop.
Two computers and a digital camera are on a desk.
A small work area with a desk and shelves and a computer.
An office with binders on a book shelf.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a black counter.
A pretty black cat plays with a baseball cap.
a woman plays with a toy inside of a store 
A woman wearing sunglasses sitting at a desk looking at her laptop
A boy seated among a messy room plays on his laptop.
A man looks at what he is currently holding in his hand.
A classroom setting that has people at desks with laptop computers and a projector placing an image on the screen in the front.
A smiling brown and tan stuffed animal beside a computer.
There are a few computers running on the table. 
A book that is being held open by a laptop that is on top of a corner.
There is a room with various items in the picture.

A couple of laptop computers sitting on a  counter.
Two people sitting in reclining chairs watching something on a TV attached to a laptop.
A group of people sitting in front of laptop computers working.
A dark colored animal curled up on a sofa
A small bedroom with a bed and a desk with a computer on it.
A home office with a desktop computer and a laptop computer.
a group of people sitting on a couch around a table
A laptop sitting under a television with several cords coming from it. 
A laptop is surrounded by items in a Chinese cooking adventure.
A man is eating food in front of computer screen.
People are typing on their laptops in a room.
A close shot of a laptop with a glass of beer and chips. 
A apple computer sitting on a bed with two red pillows.
A man using a small green computer at a desk.
a girl in glasses is sitting at a laptop
A laptop is sitting on a desk with the screen flipped open. 
A desk with a laptop, a desktop monitor and a printer.
A child sitting on a wood bench typing on a toy-like laptop.
A laptop sitting on a table with pictures and drinks sitting around it.
A man sitting at a table with an open laptop computer.
A lap top is on a desk with a bunch of soda cans.
People sitting around a table with open laptops
The desk in the office has a lot of paperwork on it. 
A person with long hair wearing a scrunch  using a laptop computer.
A laptop sits on a table beside two boxes.
A man sitting on a wooden bench with his laptop.
A smart phone is charging next to a laptop computer. 
A close-up of the sandwich and fried potatoes.
A desk with a laptop and two computer monitors.
a desk with a computer sitting on top of it 
A man stirs a pot on top of the stove
The monitor and shelves are big enough for all the workers to use.
a group of people laying in bed on their laptops 
A little kitty on the bed using a laptop.
A woman is handing a laptop to a man laying in bed.
A room that has a couch near a door.
Several people sitting around a table looking at their laptops
Two open laptops right next to each other.
close-up detailed image of linens on a clean bed
The cat is laying on the laptop on the desk. 
An open laptop is on the counter with other various objects, including a couple of keyboards and a mouse.
A man that is sitting down on the floor, close to a laptop.
A laptop computer sitting in the middle of a bed.
A cat laying on the keyboard part of a laptop. 
Two men and a women all sitting close together , 
Desk workspace with modern monitor and two keyboards.
a close up of a laptop on a table 
The three people are the only ones in the restaurant currently. 
Fisheye photograph of a room with a bicycle and desk.
A person with striped tights has a laptop on their legs.
Large, colorful den with massive pillows, couches, and chairs with dog lying on the floor.
Many people are sitting around a table with laptops.
A desk with multiple computers on it in a room. 
A laptop on a bed in a room.
A boy and a woman sitting with a laptop between them.
A person's glasses, headphones and the computer mouse sitting on a laptop.
A boy is posing by a book and a laptop.
a desk with a monitor and a keyboard
A tiger cat on a love seat with a laptop and a dictionary.
A couple of men are using electronic devices
A wooden table with a laptop computer and a mouse.
The white cat with brown spots sits near a laptop.
A cat is laying on the computer desk next to the monitor. 
A man is speaking with a lady who is seated near another man in front of a laptop.
A laptop computer with an external monitor on a very neat desk.
Person using a laptop with a cat on their lap
A laptop, calculator, notebook and textbook on a table.
A dog watching flashing lights from a sofa.
A dell lap top and an apple laptop side by side on a counter
A man looking facetiously holding an Almanac and typing something on a laptop.
A computer sits on a desk with two chairs.
An apartment living room opens into a dining room, buildings are seen from the windows. 
A cat sitting on a computer looking like it is typing.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a bed.
A brown and orange cake being sliced on a table
two children at a table with laptop 
A woman sitting on a bed watching a lap top.
The person is working on the computer live. 
Desk area with laptop computer, external keyboard and iPod
Three computer monitors on a bench two powered on.
A woman with a head band on looking at a laptop in a library.
A woman uses her laptop on a TV tray. 
a desk with more than one computer on it 
The eight men look like they are giving a presentation
A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
The computer desk with the large monitor has a laptop next to it.
A very neat corner office with a desktop and a laptop computer, plus all sorts of nifty office equipment. 
a wooden table a phone and two laptops and a mouse
there is a beige couch and orange pillows in this living room
A group of kids looking at an iPad.
Person standing on top of the chair holding up a computer. 
A cat standing on the keyboard of an open laptop,
A television that has two laptop computers in front of it.
A cat is laying on a laptop on a coach
Man stands at the counter as the woman pours him a glass of wine.
The child holding a toy laptop is sitting on a metro train. 
Two women sitting on a bench outside looking distracted.
An opened laptop sitting on a kitchen counter.
An elderly man is using a laptop computer at a desk. 
a baby sitting on a bed by a laptop
A bedroom with a bed, desk, chair and lamps. 
An ordinary living room isn't occupied with any people. 
a cup of coffee sitting in front of a laptop on a desk
A plate with three hotdogs on slices of bread.
A woman uses a laptop computer against a backdrop of flowers.
A black and white photo of a laptop Pc.
A computer generated woman looks from behind a computer laptop.
Two men sitting next to each other working on their laptops.
A group of young children sitting at desk in a class room.
A man with a toothbrush in his mouth and uncombed hair takes a picture of himself at his computer desk.
a small kid plays with a computer keyboard 
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A hotel suite with two beds and a desk.
A person lies face-up in bed next to a lap top computer. 
Mature woman sitting on couch with laptop on her lap.
An open laptop is sitting on a person's bed.
An Apple computer on a red surface with cloth on the lid.
A small dorm-type bedroom is pictured with a large and a small bed.
Man using a laptop on the couch in a sunny room
An adult woman and infant playing on laptops.
A television, laptop and cell phone all showing various images. 
Two women on leather sofa with laptops next to a coffee table.
A desk with two computers and two keyboards
A phone lies on the counter in a modern kitchen.
A white cat is sitting on a laptop
A cat sleeps near an opened laptop computer.
A glass of beverage sits next to a laptop. 
A cat sits on the legs of a person using a laptop computer.
A room with several televisions inside showing sports
A woman laying on her stomach on a white bed.
A group of people working on laptop computers
A laptop connected to an Apple computer monitor.
A white keyboard and mouse near a laptop on a desk.
a person laying in a bed with a laptop
A desk is full of two laptops and a desktop computer.
A living room with couch, table, and mirror.
A laptop covered in a bunch of stickers
A group of people doing different things in a kitchen. 
Two men sit on a couch working with their laptop computers.
A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a desktop monitor.
A picture of laptop with a reflection of a stereo on the screen.
The open doorway shows a clean living room and an active television. 
A bed with a very colorful quilt on it.
Two men standing near an open bus door.
A bag with a computer and quilt sits on a table.
A clean living room with a blanket on the couch and the drapes drawn.
A laptop computer on a desk cluttered with peripheral wires.
A desk with a laptop, cell phone and assorted office material.
A laptop sitting on  a tray on a tiled floor.
A man gives a presentation  next to a large presentation screen.
A cat curled up on a lap, next to a laptop.
A man and woman both with laptops on their couch relaxing.
A person is sitting at a desk using a laptop.
A woman that is standing on a bed while a man lies down using a laptop. 
Two young men in ties sit on a bench with a laptop.
A man in an office chair looking at a laptop next to a glass of wine.
A computer and laptop with two different systems set up on them.
a cool cellpoen with an emotocn grapic on it
A gray and white bird standing on the keyboard of a laptop.
A device fashioned to look like a yellow car sits atop the desk blotter.
A man sitting in bed while using a red laptop computer.
A child sits at a table and uses a laptop computer.
Two men at separate tables using laptop computers.
A tablet is set up on a wood table
A man dressed in black with a laptop against a tree.
A man and a woman both on laptop computers.
A wooden desk covered in laptop computers and monitors.
A laptop that is sitting on a desk.
An office cubicle with a laptop and desktop on a desk 
A man sitting at a table working on his open laptop.
A group of women work at a table cluttered with laptops and papers.
a room with a table with a laptop and a chair
A collection of assorted electronics laid out on a bed.
A monitor, keyboard, mouse, and laptop are sitting on a desk in front of a window.
A person is sitting in a room with a television and computer.
a white laptop is sitting on the grass outside
There is a cat standing behind a laptop
a person sitting in a chair with a laptop 
Black and white photo of a bookcase, books and television 
A young man sitting on a couch with a laptop.
A calico cat laying on a glass plate near a computer mouse.
A picture of a family room with a computer set up at a breakfast counter.
An elegant white kitchen with the lights on 
An orange and white kitten laying on a black computer keyboard.
On a table a computer,a laptop,papers,books,some eatables in a tray and other things are kept.
A computer monitor hooked up to a laptop computer.
A Siamese cat staring at a laptop computer screen.
A room with two computers and a television perched on a file cabinet.
a couple of men are at a table
woman holding a cell phone and smiling beside keyboard
A laptop is kept on the table.A person is sitting on other table.
Two people sitting at a table across from each other.
A black cat stands on a gray keyboard that is on the floor.
Two students sitting at different tables on laptops.
A man in a yellow striped shirt playing a video game
An open laptop rests with the joint in the crevice between two throw pillows on a couch.
Four friends lounge on a couch with a dog.
A laptop on a table with a lamp.
A tablet, laptop computer and television all turned on.
An orange and white cat laying on a laptop
Two people holding up half eaten donuts over a desk.
Wooden table with electronic computer equipment and large rat.
A man in a black tank top sits at a desk with a laptop.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
A person with a laptop on their lap and a can.
People participate in a conference call in the lobby
A person that is on a computer on a desk.
The large black dog is laying on the white couch.
A couple of people holding laptops with a cat sitting between them.
A living room filled with furniture and wooden floors.
A gray cat on a laptop touch pad
A smiling man wearing headphones near a table filled with laptop computers.
a close up of a plate with a doughnut 
A purse and the contents it would have laid out
A cat laying on top of a laptop computer.
A laptop computer with a mouse and cell phone is on a metal desk. 
A man uses a computer while standing up. 
A desk with shelves and a laptop and a desktop computer.
A living room with a fireplace, TV, couch and other furniture. 
a cat is laying under a sheet next to a laptop
A cat that is laying down on a bed.
An assortment of personal items laying before a fireplace.
Two women using their laptops at an outdoor cafe.
Guy working on a laptop inside of a library.
A women laying on her back playing with the dog .
many people sitting at desks near one another
A person uses a laptop while two others watch television.
Two males with laptops working at a table.
a white cat is sitting on a laptops keyboard
A woman stands, hands at sides in a living room.
Various electronics are laid out on a floor.
A small child with a laptop sits inside a pen.
A group of people sitting around a table with pizzas and a laptop.
A group of people hanging out in a living room.
A plate with food and a drink sitting on a table.
a living room with two couches a lamp and windows
A tablet showing a video feed of a baseball game on someone's desk.
A main sits on the sidewalk, leaning back against the building, with his lap top open.
A dog laying on a rug in front of a laptop.
A laptop is sitting on someone's lap with a dog laying down nearby.
This photo displays a messy desk that has two laptops on it among many other things.
A cell phone on top of a computer keyboard.
A laptop, television, and other gadgets are hooked up in a corner.
Six chairs in a train car along with curtains.
A large view from the perspective of a studio apartment
A person has their fingers on the keyboard.
A cat is being photographed and displayed on a laptop screen in real time.
a desk with a laptop a monitor and a clock
A busted open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
a male in a uniform a laptop and a poster and phone
A little boy sits in a chair as he watches a laptop screen.
He must need two computers for his job.
A man sitting at a desk with a green and white laptop on his lap.
A group of people working on lap top computers.
A man seated at a laptop PC in a dark room.
Two computers on desk with images on screen
Two students use laptop computers sitting at a desk.
A group of desktop computers sitting on top of a desk.
person looking at a webpage on a laptop computer
Three men sit at a table with laptops and papers on it.
Laptop sitting on a small table in front of a bed. 
A cat laying on top of a laptop.
a white Apple mouse in front of an Apple laptop
There is a panoramic view of many computers and lap tops on a desk
A person in a car is working on a laptop.
The computer user has taken a sip of coffee.
A black and white picture of someone holding a black cat
A desk with a laptop phone and red bag on it
A nicely decorated hotel room with a great view.
There is a cleared space on a desk while a computer occupies the other side.
A messy desk with a laptop computer, cell phone, and lots of wires.
A tablet, a laptop and a computer on a desk
this is a desk with a computer on it
a man sitting at a desk while using a laptop 
A cat is sitting on the keyboard of a laptop.
Open laptop style device chained to a table.
A cluttered living room is seen in this image.
The person is holding their dog in front of their laptop. 
a little girl sits on a couch while using a laptop 
People are sitting around with a box of pizza.
a television set a laptop books a monitor and a lamp
A computer desk topped with monitors and a laptop computer.
The computer desk has two laptops near the monitor.
Small office work area with a desk, computers, and other office supplies. 
The smiling guy has a bright orange laptop.
A woman sitting on a sofa chair holding a laptop.
A man with camera, earphones and a laptop
The young cat is sitting directly on top of the laptop keyboard.
A man is sitting in front of a laptop and looking at his cellphone. 
A gentleman fixing the screen on a broken laptop.
A man is using a laptop at the desk in a motel room.
a desk with a laptop and a mouse 
A photo of Ashton Kutcher is shown using a laptop.
two men sitting at a table with laptops in front of them
A man sitting in the passenger seat of a vehicle.
The man sits cross legged while typing on a laptop.
A dark room is lit up with a small desk lamp positioned over a laptop computer.
A cat puts its paw on a laptop computer while being petted.
A man that is standing in front of a television.
a living room with a desk and a laptop 
A man holds a laptop that has a message about Barack Obama written on its screen. 
Two laptops sitting side by side with their tops open.
A man is pointing at a sticker on the back of surface.
An open laptop sitting on top of a a seat in front of a red couch in a living room.
a laptop a phone a lamp a fan and a monitor
A close up of a brown cat licking the side of a laptop.
A cat is in a dimly lit room on a bed.
A television and a laptop computer in a room.
A man is looking at a laptop on a boat.
A backup external hard drive connected to a laptop computer.
A laptop and computer monitor sit adjacent to one another on a desk top.
A person in front of a laptop with elbows on the desk.
Two men laugh as they look at a computer.
A fat, fluffy blue-eyed cat resting on a table.
Kitteh asleep on his favorite place, the computer
The man is using his laptop while he is outside in the park. 
A grey and white cat lounging atop an open laptop
A living room and dining room with a Christmas tree on display. 
A laptop computer, a PC monitor, a microwave and a lamp on a desk.
A bed, laptop, clothes, black drawer and artwork. 
A female and a male looking at a laptop computer
A hotel bed is left frumpled with only a laptop remaining.
A fridge, couch, and chair in a room with a window.
A bunch of computer equipment on a bed.
A cat sitting at a desk looking at a laptop with a picture of a cat on the screen.
A laptop and a mouse sitting across from a couch. 
A group of people working together on a table.
a child at a table with a laptop 
A white cat sitting on top of an open laptop computer
Man relaxing under a tree with his laptop
Two men playing Wii standing behind their couch
A lap top open with a blue spiral desktop.
A large kitchen filled with appliances and lots of cabinets.
Woman in bloody costume using a laptop and sitting on a couch.
A laptop and computer monitor sitting on a desk.
A keyboard, mouse, and computer monitor on a desk.
Laptop computer, open with cords and plugins, with white box that says "Live Box." 
A laptop computer next to a flatscreen television.
A black cat sits on a desk next to a laptop.
Dimly lit room with a lap top computer on a wooden desk with headphones, cell phone and assorted paper and books.
A computer sits on a desk next to some shelves. 
a man and woman recline in a bed, each with their own laptop
Large computer monitor sitting next to a laptop display. 
Man on a laptop sitting in his car.
The woman is wearing a hat and she is sitting on her laptop. 
a bed with fabrics strewn on it on a wooden floor.
a desk with two laptops a keyboard and a monitor
A neatly organized room with a bed and stuffed bear on it. 
A young man sits outside with a laptop.
Two guys watching television in a common room
All four of those pictures contains a keyboard.
a COUPLE IS LAYING DOWN ON A BED WATCHING A LAPTOP
A young girl lays on her side in a bed while using a computer.
A scientist dissecting worms, using the webpage on the computer screen as reference.
A young woman making a face while working on a laptop.
A baby sitting in a chair using a laptop computer made by apple.
A pair of people with laptops sit at a table.
A couple of students sitting at a table finishing there lunches.
A cat sits on a computer desk with two monitors and a laptop.
A man riding in a car using a laptop computer.
A woman sitting at a computer desk in front of a computer.
Couple in bed with lights lite on nightstand and knotty pine wood on the walls.
A laptop with a green apple taped to its back. 
a group of people have a good time in front of a table with food on it 
a woman in a white shirt sitting on her bed and a laptop
A young boy is using a laptop computer
A desk sitting in a living room with a laptop on top of a desk.
A man sits on a chair as he is on a mac lap top
A very dingy looking rest room with a toilet in it.
A desk of computers and a microphone and mouse.
a group of people staring a camera while one eats some food 
A man sits on a bench and works on his laptop
Fairly Untidy room of a college/university student 
Two college women sit on the couch in their dorm.
A graphic promoting the NaNoWriMo event that authors nationwide participate in. 
a plate with a knife two tomatoes and a yellow laptop
an apple laptop sitting on a bed with white sheets
Four people, three electronic devices, a little conversation
One man kneeling to pray while another sits at a desk and study.
Students at a college on a sunny day
A man grins as he picks up a laptop computer.
Many bananas in front of a laptop. 
a dining room table with a laptop and scattered papers sitting on it
a desk with a laptop and two monitors
a woman is sitting on a coach with a laptop
Person with white hair working on laptop in the kitchen.
A room with a couch and television in it.
A group of people in a room playing game with Nintendo Wii controller.
A woman is in the process of serving a tennis ball.
an empty bed with a white laptop sitting on top
a group of ladies sitting at a table chatting.
A very cute cat laying on a long table.
There are doctors performing an operation with instruments
A man sitting on a brown couch using a laptop.
Two men looking at a laptop computer screen.
The recorder is sitting next to the laptop computer.
Woman and man in a bedroom each using a laptop. 
A woman in a bed watching a laptop intently.
A room that is well clean and organized filled with furniture. 
A laptop sitting on a table overlooking a lake.
A striped cat lying on a laptop computer atop a wooden desk with a computer mouse and a skull, with a window behind and a wire trash can below.
The room is dimly lit by three lamps.
The computer is being taken apart on a desk.
There is a group of people gathered together
A merchant is standing by a display of items.
An un-occupied living room with a book shelve filled with many books.
A table with a mouse, laptop and speaker phone.
A laptop, camera, bag, hand held video gaming device and other items sitting on a couch.
a waffle on a black plate with strawberries
Three people are working on two laptops. 
Laptop and monitor displayed on white desk in small area.
A woman looks at a computer that is sitting on a stove.
An iPhone is placed on a lap with other small books and a cluttered desk. 
A black cat's tail laying across a silver laptop.
An office shows a desk with opened drawers and a lit computer screen.
A man sitting at a desk with a notebook in his hands.
A woman looks up while typing on her laptop.
A desk with a chair, monitors and a keyboard.
A person sitting cross-legged with a laptop in their laps.
The view of a bathroom with a clear glass wall showing the bedroom on the other side.
A smiling man seated at a bar working on his laptop.
A girl sitting down with a skateboard and helmet sitting in front of her.
Three people sitting around a table with computers on their laps.
A young man is posing for a picture with a lap top
A person holding a hamburger with a bite missing next to a laptop computer.
A person uses a laptop while lying down.
A messy bedroom with the bed on the lfoor
A desk with a laptop computer on a docking station.
A person touching a laptop that is on a bale of hay.
there are three men that are using a lap top
an  image of laptop and other electronics
a computer with a big monitor next to a laptop 
A cat sitting on a laptop and playing with a pencil.
The scientific calculations are verified by more than one source.
A cat sitting on the keyboard of a laptop with the screen part on his back. 
The laptop has an attractive image on the screen, and there are welcoming flowers and munchies
a man that is sitting at a table with a laptop
People sitting in front of laptops in a lecture hall.
A living room has a couch, a love seat, and a laptop.
A person holding a baby while standing in a kitchen.
A small computer screen is open to a flickr account
A man that is sitting down with a laptop.
A long work table being used by two business people
A woman sits in front of plates of food.
The man is sitting alone, on his laptop.
Three computers sit next to each other on a table. 
A chair is near a desk with a laptop.
 a cat curled up and laying on a external hard drive disk.
A man sitting up against a wall next to two other people walking near an entrance.
A couple of people that are sitting around computers.
a man standing by a turntable while he holds onto a book 
Three people sitting on a bed with drinks.
a guy sitting in a chair  holding a wine glass 
An office work station with a window view.
A bedroom with a laptop on a computer desk next to a bed
A laptop computer sits next to a desktop computer.
A man standing over a laptop with a remote.
A boy in recliner playing with a white laptop.
A man with a black cat and laptop on his lap.
A lot of people around and under a tent in a city.
A person is sitting on a coach looking up as they pull their laptop closer to them.
a woman looking at a laptop while slicing something up in the kitchen
The small room has a desk along one wall
A person sitting in the grass typing on a white laptop.
A tilted shot with a yellow miasma over it shows a fabric-covered area with a sleeping orange cat, it's paws resting on the keys of a close by laptop.     
A cat that is perched directly over the keyboard of a laptop
A cat is sleeping peacefully beside a laptop.
A woman snuggled up in bed using a laptop
An open cell phone in a person's hand.
A group of people sitting around a table and standing in the room.
A grey and white cat laying on a laptop keyboard
A tall glass of tea and a snack of a carrot and sliced red bell pepper.
A woman a girl with game controllers standing in front of a sofa.
A row of tables with various laptops and people in the background.
A mac laptop with a number of various stickers on top.
A small room shows a twin bed and sink.
A woman sitting near a window indoors and using her laptop.
A computer, lamp, and books sit on a desk.
there is a panoramic view of a small bedroom
Two young woman play on laptops in a living area.
A bald man in black glasses sits on the couch reading a book with his Irish Setter behind his back with its head on a pillow. 
A essy computer room with a fish picture.
A cat laying on a bed with a laptop.
There are a few computers left on, on the desk.
A man holding tie devices in his hands while he looks at his laptop.
A man smells his wine before drinking it at a wine tasting.
A laptop open with a picture and a tv that's on.
The interior of a hotel room with a laptop on a countertop. 
A cellphone on a pile of newspaper next to a pen, a laptop and a cup.
An Asian man sitting at a desk on a laptop
A baby playing with a laptop on a bed.
There are many different laptop computers around the table.
Laptop computer in room full of electronic equipment.
a person uses a smart phone as a woman sits next to them
A man types on a computer in a tent.
A person sitting on a bed using a laptop. 
A desk with a laptop computer and water bottles.
two people sitting at a table with laptops 
Close up shot of a cat in front of a computer monitor
A desk with a Mac computer, a lamp, and other things on it.
A desk with three lap top computers on top.
A home studio is set up for music, video and web usage.
A computer and laptop side by side with programs open.
Two laptops sit on top of a computer desk.
A woman sitting on a big red chair next to a window.
an adult in a kitchen with two children at a table 
A cat is standing on the laptop with wallpaper of a black dog. 
A couple of kids jumping up and down on a bed.
A patchwork cat lying atop a laptop computer.
A laptop, jacket and bookbag rests on the kitchen counter in a seemingly empty apartment.  
a blue laptop is next to a small television screen
Several people are sitting around at an airport with luggage next to them.
There is coffee and a bagel on a table with flowers and a laptop.
A woman looking at a new laptop. 
A black and white cat partially sitting on a laptop sleeping.
A picture of a laptop with a red light on it.
Pen and paper on desktop with computer equipment.
a man sits on a bed with a bunch of computers on it 
Some food and beer are on a table next to a laptop
The two beds are next to each other in the room.
A woman with a microphone holding an image.
two males one in a black shirt and a microphone
people work on their computers while a supervisor watches.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
A group of animals laying on top of a bed with laptops.
A piece of white cake with a topping sits on a white plate on a table.
A laptop setting on a small desk next to a glass box on a pedestal with electric wires coming from it.
A cat sleeping on a table near some writing supplies.
A white stuffed bear sits next to a laptop.
a person types on a laptop computer on a bed
A man is sitting on the toilet with a laptop.
Two women sitting on a couch working on their laptop computers.
A cat laying on a desk near on open laptop

A white and brown cat sitting on the lap of a woman.
A girl playing on her iPad while laying on her bed.
This is a man on a laptop and another man playing a guitar.
The desk has a laptop and monitor screen with a keyboard.
There is the job dude of a office with desk
A cup of coffee is next to a laptop.
Small refrigerator with laptop on top next to wooden desk.
There is a monitor, keyboard, mouse and laptop on the desk. 
A desktop computer, extra monitor, television, and laptop are arranged in a workstation.
The man is showing the individual with the cell phone a paper. 
A man is loading music onto his mp3 player.
Desktop and laptop computers on tables in a room.
A WOMAN IS STANDING IN THE LAP TOP 
A person plays on a laptop in a living room. 
A laptop comuter with a pencil and paper in front of it and an amazon mouse.
a man is on is phone while browsing on a laptop
Small office workspace with multiple computer monitors and office equipment. 
A young girl sitting on an older man's lap in front of a computer.
A small laptop sits on top of the modem.
A cat sitting next to a laptop 
An office space with multiple computers ready to use. 
A man sitting at a desk typing on a laptop computer.
A child in a lap is playing on the computer.
A baby on the ground investigating an Apple laptop.
Three girls sitting at a table looking at a laptop.
a desk with a keyboard and a mouse 
A Sony laptop has blue keys, a mouse and headphones.
A laptop with a debate between two team split on the screen.
A girl playing on the computer at a table
a laptop turned on laying on a bed
A man outside, sitting on his chair, while on a laptop.
A mini refrigerator next to a television set
A cat is asleep on the laptop of his owner.
 a living room filled with brown furniture
a close up of a man with a mustache smiling 
A woman sitting on a beanie chair using a coffee table for a desk
Small black and white cat laying on a persons lap that's working on a laptop. 
A bottle of Guinness and a digital camera attached to a laptop
A man is on a bed with a cat and laptop computer.
A multitude of books and comics strewn about on a bed.
A girl sleeping on her belly on top of a bed looking at a laptop.
a table is littered with office matieras ike a lap top
Several people are attending a class at a lecture hall.
A cat is walking on a desk with a computer monitor on it.
A cozy room features a couch with a white cover a table with a keyboard and monitor and a white table as well as two shelves.
A man leading a black and white cow with a harness.
three men on computers having a discussion with each other
A desktop computer and a laptop on a desk.
A man holding a baby is playing on a computer.
Open laptop computer beside of cat and bookcase. 
a person with a laptop at a table
A man with glasses working on a laptop.
A desk with a computer and a laptop on it.
A laptop computers sitting on top of a white table.
A group of people that are sitting a tables.
A rabbi showing another man something on an iPad.
A laptop is sitting on a table in front of plants
The items displayed, including a book, wires, notebooks, and cell phone, could all fit into a well-organized laptop case.  
A shelf with books and a laptop on it
A laptop box sitting next to a laptop on a desk.
A view of a man working with studio equipment in a studio, 
A round bedroom with a red round bed
Dimly lit room with desks and computer equipment.
A tabby cat napping next to a laptop.
A laptop with the browser on a Flickr page. 
a cute little kitten sitting on a laptop keyboard 
The black laptop is inside of an open luggage bag. 
two monitors on a wooden table already on use
Someone is holding onto the corner of a catalog.
shelves with books a television set a table a cat and a clock
A man on a skateboard with a helmet and knee pads on. 
A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A person with pink pants and black shoes with a laptop computer.
A couple of people sitting down on their computers.
Electronic computer equipment displayed on small wooden surface.
A woman sitting on a a couch using a laptop
A cameraman filming a man giving a presentation on a computer.
A laptop with an odd assortment of recording tools on top of it. 
A laptop on a desk and a flag of the State of California.
A man is sitting in a chair with a laptop and holding a microphone.
a desk with a laptop and a keyboard and a mouse
An open laptop sits on a wood desk next to a cell phone and a glass of liquor.
A young child sitting next to a computer on the floor
a desk with a lap top and a flower on top of it.
A person is typing on a laptop computer.
a lady on a computer with other patrons sitting at a bar
a bunch of people sitting on a bus looking at a laptop
A woman sitting at the base of a pillar using a computer.
A child's laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
two laptops sitting beside each other on a desk 
one lady is on the computer one is digging through a backpack there's a  man on the phone and another man on a computer 
A guy is cutting something out of a piece of paper.
a dual screen computer on a desk in a room
A woman reaches down to pick up a video game control.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk with a mouse.
There is a desk with a computer and printer on it
Apple computer, computer bag and accessories on display.
a desk with a desktop computer and a laptop computer
A kitchen with drawers, a stove and a sink.
Two djs stand at booths in front of laptop computers in a dark room with stars being projected on the walls.
A pastry and coffee drink is sitting on a table next to a laptop.
A white table topped with different electronics devices.
an orange sitting next to a cookie on a table
A computer desk with a dvd shelf next to it.
Two young girls laying on a floor watching tv
Men sitting and standing at desks in a room.
Cluttered home work space with many electronics splayed.
A cup of tea in a mug next to a laptop. 
Woman leaning on chair while standing at lap top on the table
A sunny, neat bedroom with a small home office in the corner.
There are some computers set up on a bare wooden desk
a man sitting on the couch using a laptop while a woman looks at it
Woman in red shirt working on a laptop and on her cellphone. 
a brown table with a laptop a drink and a muffin
A banana next to a pack of pills in front of a computer.
A woman using her laptop is sitting on a bed.
a brightly colored window on a dark street 
A computer sits on a card table, outside near a lawn.
A man with a blanket and a cat is using a computer.
a couple of people sit on the ground while using a laptop 
A counter with a laptop and mouse and other desk items 
a laptop on a desk with a cat behind the laptop
A hospital bed is in the upright position while a laptop sits open.
A large room features a bed with a red cover, a television set, a black table and a white kitchen area.
A woman using a laptop with a sandwich beside her.
A man who is looking at a laptop computer.
A plate of food is sitting on a table.
A cat with its paws on a laptop.
Laptop computer sitting on top of a blanket on a bed.
The four images show a dining room, bedroom, kitchen, and living room.
A laptop on the counter in a kitchen. 
A baby that is standing in front of a laptop.
A blond woman is holding a wine glass. 
A laptop that is sitting on a desk.
A man sitting down while using a laptop computer.
a man working on a laptop on a bus
There are a lot of books and paper on a desk with a laptop in the middle. 
A clean, modern living room with furniture and flat screen tv
Group of people watching TV on two screens.
A computer at a work-desk covered in paper.
A tablet with a keyboard attached sits on the table.
Person putting their feet in between a phone any computer on desk. 
A pictures of a white painted bedroom with a bed, desk, and computer monitor mounted on the wall.
A man is asleep in bed with a laptop open on his lap.
A man operating a laptop as another man prepares a camera.
A personalized work space with a computer and bulletin board in a office. 
a Asian girl sitting at a bench on a laptop
A laptop computer has a text book on it.
a computer sits in a recording studio at night
Two men eagerly looking at the screen on a laptop.
Two laptop computers on a bed that seems a bit messy.
A couple of computer monitors in work space.
A laptop sitting on a stand on top of a desk.
On a kitchen counter are a laptop, candy, and cooking supplies.
A typical living room with sofa, coffee table and TV with a kitchen in the background.
A doll laying on the floor near a mirror and christmas tree in front of a window.
A room is lit from three bright monitors on a desk.
A man looks at the screen on his laptop computer that is connected to a musical keyboard.
A man is working on his laptop outside.
Several laptops and computers on the floor of a dark room
A laptop computer sits on a table covered with little railroad tracks.
A view of a couple of laptops and a desktop sitting on a table.
The large group of young people watch cat videos on the laptop computer.
A long shot of an office and kitchen.
A man in glasses and a red tie with wall in background.
A plate that has a small piece of food with a bite taken out of it, next to a laptop computer.
A bedroom with a small wooden desk topped with an open laptop computer and a monitor.
A laptop sitting on a desk with someone touching the bottom of it.
A living room with a bookcase, sofa and coffee table.
A guy looks at his computer while sitting at his desk.
A lap top computer on a desk with a bottle next to it.
Man working on a laptop at a wooden table.
Woman laying on her bed while using a lap top.
Panoramic photograph of a large university common room
a cat sitting by a person using a laptop.
A bedroom with a laptop and tv on shelves.
There is a small anime statue standing on the keyboard.
In a classroom of students, some study and others socialize.
A child playing on a small colorful laptop, next to someone on a larger laptop.
A man kneeling by a cement barrier talking on his cellphone and looking at his laptop. 
A laptop computer is on the floor with a note book.
A group of people sitting at a table in a room.
A laptop sitting on a picnic table with a glass of beer.
A laptop computer is sitting on top of a book.
A person is using one of the two laptops on the desk. 
This kitty knows where to sit to get attention.
A man with glasses on a laptop that is on a table. 
A bunch of electronics and writing utensils displayed on a bedroom floor. 
a laptop sitting on a special rack on top of a desk
A display of laptop computers in a store.
A little girl uses a child-sized laptop in her living room.
People in a darkened room among several lit screens.
Two computer screens are glowing in a dim room.
A desk witgmh a telephone, laptop, cell phone and a book on it.
The office space is clean and ready for the workers use
A composite image of a woman vacuuming, typing on a laptop, eating from a bowl, talking on a cell phone, and reading a magazine.
a woman looks at photos on her laptop while she sits on the couch
A woman typing on a computer in a lecture hall.
A lady at a table with a laptop computer talking on her telephone.
The people are playing video games together in the room. 
Women sit around a laptop with patches on a desk.
a desk with two computer sitting on it .
A large screen hands on a wall as two open laptops sit on a table.
A woman sitting in a room with a couch, piano, a rug and a table.
A group of people in a large room playing a video game.
A man with his hand rested on a table near a laptop with stickers on it. 
A laptop is adored with a silver and pink cover.
A room with clothes a high standing bed with chairs under neath it.
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
Laptop computer on table at indoor event with audience seated.
A man singing into a microphone attached to a laptop computer.
A large black dog carefully balanced on the top edge of a sofa
a tea kettle a brown mug cup and a laptop
a man laying in a bed and looking at the laptop on his lap
a group of people sit next to each other 
Beverage in a glass sitting next to a laptop computer.
A large living room with the tv on.
There is a projection screen set up in the living room.
Laptop atop a table in a living room.
The silver cover of an Apple laptop computer 
Two children using laptops on a coffee table
A person's hands use a mouse, and laptop keyboard.
A man standing up and holding a small, closed laptop computer in one hand.
A cat looking over the screen of a laptop.
A black cat and a laptop on a desk.
a man holding a tray with a laptop on his lap
Woman shearing a sheep on a stage. 
a laptop sitting open on a desk in front of other stuff
a group of small boys are sitting next to each other on their small green laptops 
Four various vases lined up side by side.
This is a room that would work as a home office.
A desk next to a window with a laptop and a mouse.
A laptop on that's a pretty cluttered desk.
A woman sitting on a bed with papers and a laptop.
A group of students in white lab coats being observed by two men in suits.
A living area with with chairs, counter and a television.
A laptop on a desk next to glasses. 
A large red ball sitting under a computer desk.
A woman playing a game with a remote controller.
a brunette is at a white table and there is a laptop and cellphone
A man holding up his green and white laptop.
A laptop is on a desk hooked up to a keyboard and monitor.
a man is on his computer while working
A man is smiling in front of his desk with multiple computers.
a cat laying on a laptop on a bed
A laptop sits on a desk along with 2 monitors.
A woman sitting on a couch with two computers.
A cat is sitting on a laptop computer.
A cat sitting on a laptop with a picture of a cat displayed.
There are some cables plugged into a laptop computer
A gray kitting laying on top of a laptop computer.
A man in shite shirt looking at a laptop.
A group of fraternity students set up audio and video equipment.
A close up of a laptop sitting on a person's lap.
People using laptops sit in a room at a table.
A table that has a laptop computer on it.
A laptop sitting on a desk in a room.
In a classroom in India students do their work on computers
Image from laptop being projected onto a large screen above.
A man sitting on a bench using a laptop.
There is a laptop and a computer on the desk.
A room filled with boxes and furniture next to a door way..
A brown chair has a remote, laptop, phone and yellow pillow on it as it sits in a corner.
A desk that has a laptop, computer monitor, and a cup on it.
a male in a green shirt and two cats are laying on a bed
A brown dog sitting in front of a computer desk.
a young man pointing towards his turned on laptop
Two people eating icecream out of a box while using their laptop computers.
A room with a bed, television, a lamp and chairs in it. 
A dining table with a glass, a basket of round balls and a book sitting on the table.
Three men talking while sitting on the coach. 
A cat laying on top of a laptop on a table.
a small kitchen with wooden cabinets and a microwave
A child having lunch,while sitting on a chair.
An usused laptop sits upon a clean desk.
A cat sitting on the couch next to a remote and across from a laptop computer.
2 cats are laying comfortably on pillows on a bed.
The room has a large television set for us to watch. 
This man is standing in front of Dunkin Donuts.
A living room with one man on a laptop and another standing up. 
Two young men one on a computer and one on a device.
The person uses a laptop with a cat beside them.
A television with long antennas sits on a table near a bed and bookshelf. 
A laptop computer and a lamp sit on a desk with several photographs hanging overhead.
Small white laptop sitting on top of a wooden computer desk. 
A view of two computers sitting on a desk, with a man on the cell phone behind them.
A photo of a woman using a laptop on a table.
A small child in pajamas playing with a laptop
Work needs to be at home using the laptop, notebooks, and files.
A woman wearing glasses using a laptop computer.
a coffee cup sitting next to a laptop computer
A group of people are sitting in a row and looking at their computers.
A man at a meeting typing on a laptop.
A woman resting her laptop on the cat on her lap
a man standing while holding onto a wii mote 
A woman sitting at a desk in a room.
A couple looking at laptop computer holding a baby.
A white kitten is sitting on a laptop computer.
A desk has a black chair near it and a monitor and laptop on it.
A desktop with a number of things to eat and a computer.
A man sitting next to a window looking at a laptop.
Two lap top computers sitting on a wooden table side by side.
A man points at a screen while people look at open laptops. 
A office cubicle workstation with a computer, chair, and other office supplies. 
A man who is holding a small laptop and smiling.
A cat laying on the keyboard of a laptop while staring at the screen. 
A man sitting at a desk working on one laptop,while surrounded by other laptops and one full sized monitor.
A man and a woman lounging on a red leather couch.
A neat white kitchen with white cabinets is illuminated by overhead lighting.
A man with headphones is on his laptop computer.
Two men are wearing headphones and playing a computer game.
A glass desk with a large computer monitor.
Assorted Itallian food in take out containers are on green plates.
a man works on his lap top while sitting on a bench on a forest path
A cat with his hands on a lap top computer.
Three computer screens shine from the top of a desk.
A person sitting in a bed with a laptop before them
A book is open in front of a keyboard. 
The hotel room is clean and ready for guests to use.
a table that has a large computer on top of it
A small room decorated as a office with desk, chair and computer and windows for natural light.
Woman sitting in overstuffed chair with laptop and cat on her lap.
A toddler boy with his fingers on the laptop keyboard
This desk has a one computer and two laptops on it.
A sun room with a beautiful view and a brown sofa.
A desk in a cubicle with office supplies on it.
Numerous electronic items from different eras on a table. 
a home office with laptop, printer, scanner, and extra monitor
A plastic doll sitting on a desk next to an open lap top and a pair of scissors.
A man sitting on a couch working on a laptop.
a table with a laptop and paperwork on top
An cluttered office desk with computers and electronics.
An apple is on the table with an apple computer.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A cup of coffee is sitting on a desk in front of a laptop.
A cozy living room with a nice flat screen tv
a sideways image of two men and a child lounging in a living room
A blurry picture of two people watching a laptop.
a man in the kitchen with his dog sniffing the floor
The young kids are playing with the laptop on the floor.
An empty cup of coffee with a saucer and spoon.
the desk is shaped to fit in a corner
Bed with wrought iron frame in corner of large open room
a man using a small table to work on his Macbook 
A laptop, cellphone, headphones and speaker on a table.
desk with two desktop and two laptop computers.
A bunch of women stare at a stuffed animal perched on a tricycle.
A vase of roses next to a white laptop.
Inside there is a small kitchen and couch, with clutter, viewed through a lens.
A smiling man and woman hold a cell phone and computer cable.
A wicker chair and table with a laptop
A man and two women are looking at a laptop.
a coupe of people sit on a couch while laughing
The restaurant has a wall with a huge clock visible to the outside.
There are two computers and papers on the table
a dog sitting in the front of a car 
a dining table with two open laptops sitting on top of it.
Why would someone have a lap top sitting on a larger lap top?
Man sitting on a petioner with laptop in city
The man stands behind a woman as she uses a laptop.
A desk contains a computer monitor, keyboard and mouse.
Someone is studying at a table inside the library.
Three computers and a telephone on a desk.
A desk area that has a laptop computer that is resting on a stand made out of cardboard.
A group eating dinner and talking in a home.
A woman assisting someone using a laptop computer.
Laptops are being used on top of a microwav and other objects.
A bunch of people sitting in a living room during the day.
A woman laying in a bed with a laptop computer open and on her lap area.
A laptop is kept open on the table along with mobile,notebook and pen.
A dog resting its head on the couch next to  a computer
A woman is sitting under a tree by the library.
An office filled with multiple computers and a laptop.
A group of people who are standing in front of a laptop.
This is two dogs relaxing on a couch that has been turned into a bed.
a man looking at the camera opening a box with a new computer inside
A side view of all the ports on a  laptop
A group of people sitting on a couch all using their laptops.
An empty blue bed sitting next to a small wooden table with an open laptop.
a cat sitting in front of a laptop
A room with a desk, rug, chair and laptop. 
An orange cat sitting on a lap of a man.
Two cats in an office look out the window.
A computer next to a cup of black stuff
A man sitting on a chair with a computer on a table.
A cell phone connected to a laptop computer.
an image of a laptop that is on top of a desk
A man using a laptop computer in front of an open fire
A laptop is sitting on a wood table
a man in headphones is on a laptop
a living room with a bunch of appliances inside of it 
A dining room table with laptop computer and a plat with bananas.
A computer desk illumined by a lamp at night.
theres a projector on the wall showing a picture
A yellow laptop is shown sitting on a bed.
A living room with wood floors, TV on, and a dog sitting on the couch.
An older man holding laptop posing next to a cartoon avatar.
A laptop computer that is on a table outside.
A living room with striped upholstered sofa and chairs.
Older man gets work done on his laptop while on his commute.
A HP stand setup, with two people at it.
A laptop computer on top of a desk next to a bowl with cereals and a cellphone.
A disk with a laptop on it with a matching chair.
Laptop sitting on desk tethered to a phone
A photo of an office filled with sticky notes.
Two people are in transit and utilizing the time for work.
Two desktops that are sitting on a desk.
A person is holding a large laptop with stickers on it.
A laptop on with a cat sitting behind it 
A laptop computer is joined by a tangle of colored wires and a computer monitor.
There are two laptops on the desk plugged in. 
A teen wearing a black jacket with fur holding a silver laptop.
An open-concept office with laptops and console games arranged around a television and workers at desks.
An open laptop sits on a desk in front of an office chair.
A table holding a laptop with window in the background.
A laptop sitting on a small black desk.
A living room with organized magazines on the living room table.
A cat spread out over a computer work area sleeping.
A laptop on a gray metal desk with a smartphone plugged into it.
A cat sitting in front of two computer screens.
A group of people working on laptops 
A cat on a desk next to a laptop computer
A laptop with a decal sticker on the lid.
A kitchen made of mostly wood with a small desk with a laptop.
A man is typing on the laptop on the counter.
A cat that is sitting patiently on the keyboard of a laptop. 
A man sitting in front of a lap top computer.
A recording studio with a keyboard, mixer, recorder and keyboard.
We are looking at a wide angle view of a living room.
A living room with wooden floors and lots of furniture.
A young lady sitting on a couch in front of a laptop computer.
A kitchen countertop with a sliced lemon and a laptop.
A group of people sitting at a table on their laptops.
The girl is on her laptop in her bed.
A computer that is on top of a table.
People sit in chairs in front of a large window
Two girls stand in a living room playing a video game.
THIS IS A PHOTO OF A SITTING AREA WHERE SOMEONE HAS PLACED THERE LAPTOP
a couple of laptops sit on a desk 
A compute generated image of a laptop on a surfboard.
The baby is playing with the laptop computer.
A desk with laptop, mug, paper and a monitor.
The laptop is connected to a full size keyboard to make an effective work station.
A pair of unfinished meals sitting on table top in front of laptop computers.
A laptop and a computer keyboard on a wooden desk.
People are standing in a room looking at a television screen.
a laptop sits in front of some colored flowers 
A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A computer and other items are sitting on top of a desk.
People are looking at a computer with concern.
A room with a table, television, a person sitting on a couch and a cat standing in another room.
a beautiful  open room with a spectacular view
A laptop sitting on a bed with wrinkled sheets.
A bed, a dresser and a laptop computer with the letters seven zero seven on it.
THERE IS A BIRD THAT IS ON THE CHAIR 
A book with the cover of a skeleton smoking. 
A coffee table has a laptop, mp3 player, books, stapler and paper lying on it.
young child sitting on the sofa using a laptop
People with laptops sitting in a semi-circle around a conference room.
THERE IS A WOMAN SITTIGN AT THE TABLE WITH HER LAP TOP 
a black kitty siting behind a laptop monitor 
A table with a laptop, monitor, a mouse and figurines on it. 
Someone typing on a pink laptop computer or turning it on .
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sit on a wooden desk. 
a man holds a box as he smiles 
Man and woman playing instruments with mirror reflecting
A woman is holding a laptop with the keyboard and monitor detached.
A stuffed penguin sits on an office desk beside a computer monitor.
Young man laying on a bed staring at a laptop.
An L-shaped desk covered in various computers and accessories. 
A laptop computer and a dog sitting on a bed.
A black cat sits perched on top of a laptop.
Business people sit at their desks and use devices.
A desk with laptops, a keyboard, a light and a monitor.
A group of people standing around a laptop computer.
a photo of a bedroom with a bed and a desk and a window
a brown desk phone light keyboard and monitor
The interior of a living room with a fireplace and wood floors.
a black white and gray dog a monitor and a laptop and keyboard
a black and white photo of a laptop suitcase and legs
A cat sitting on a laptop in the sun
A small laptop with a lighter in front of it.
A black handbag with items waiting to be packed.
Mouse connected to a laptop with a game of computer pool on the screen
A room with lamp, desk, and computer in it.
A man holds up a new tablet computer
A computer is on the desk next to a backpack and some books.
A young lady is sitting leg crossed holding a laptop.
A computer sitting on a chair by a  stove
A man is listening intently in a lecture hall. 
A hand holds something and points to something on a box.
Two people are sitting at the couch, one is on his laptop. 
A bedroom with a desk, shelves, and a bed.
A man with glasses on a chair working on a laptop while holding a dog
A desk with a laptop computer and office supplies.
A computer work station including desk, keyboard, and monitor
three computer on a desk with a mouse and keyboard
A cat sleeping on a bed next to a laptop sitting on the bed.
The monument is a man with crossed legs working on a laptop.
A man looks up from the laptop computer he was using.
A computer desk has the objects on it labelled with text.
A man laying in a bed with his laptop.
A cat laying on a table next to a laptop
Two lap top and a computer monitor and keyboard and mouse is on top of a table.
Three computer monitors and a laptop are on a desk.
A man is playing on his laptop with the TV on.
a group of people sitting at some picnic tables
Seated people visible through the window of a passing vehicle.
A student using both a book and computer to study.
A grand window allows for a sunlit room with a full outside view.
A den with couches, a table, book shelf and a television.
A shot of an Apple machine placed on oak ground. 
A man with a smile uses a laptop 
Small blonde dog sitting in front of turned on laptop
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a bed.
A man holding a dog plushie and sitting in bed  near two laptops.
A man is sitting and pointing a remote.
Open laptop looking out onto a large yard. 
A laptop and a keyboard on a couch with a paisley design. 
a few people that have a wii remote in hand
A cat is sitting in front of a computer.
A conference room full of people using laptop computers.
a living room full of wooden furniture and chairs
A group of students in a class room while using laptop computers.
A woman making something in a kitchen. 
A living room filled with furniture and other accessories. 
View of an airport from a place that serves beer.
A smiling man with a personalized computer on a couch
Black laptop sitting next to a black keyboard on a desk. 
A boy and his parent are looking at a laptop screen.
a small girl is sitting down on thr laptop
A woman using a laptop with a mouse.
A cat is sitting in between a person's legs and a computer.
A desk with white computer equipment on it.
A mug with a monkey face on a desk with a penguin
A computer is set on top a small dining table.
A group of young people standing around a computer.
A long table hosts a computer and other electronic devices.
Several laptop computers on a table with one guy using his.
a desk with a monitor and a laptop on it. Underneath is a woman's purse 
Cat standing on a dest with a keyboard, mouse and various books.
A hutch type desk has a computer on it.
Three young men sitting on a lawn while one uses a laptop.
a fireplace and a woman is reading on a couch 
Group of students looking at laptop with interesting image.
Wireless keyboard sitting on a table next to other technology pieces. 
Two men stand in front of a projector and work on a laptop. 
A beautiful woman sitting at a table near a laptop computer.
Two men at a desk, one packing bag, one sleeping.
A laptop computer with another laptop computer being used in the background.
Kids are sitting at a table eating pizza.
An office with a nice view and containing a desk with three computers.
A man in a hat is at a table with his laptop.
A laptop with a bunch of paperback books next to it.
A man lays down and uses a laptop
People handling a couple of remotes taking them apart.
The legs of people riding on a subway.
The laptop has a very large keyboard to use.
An old laptop computer sitting on a desk
A nicely decorated bedroom with a corner desk area.
A desk with two computers and mice sitting on top.
The tiday bedroom contains with mismatched  office furniture.
a woman sitting on a bed drinking a drink
a group of friends sitting on a living room couch 
An empty computer chair with a computer on the desk. 
A desk with a computer, a laptop, headphones and a telephone
A living room decorated with red couch and chair.
Two young men are on their labtops sitting on a couch.
A cat lying on a desk with computers 
The room has three beds and it is a mess. 
A desk with a laptop and two monitors.
A cat that is sitting next to a laptop.
Man sitting on bed with paper bag over his head with a question mark on it while comically on laptop.
A computer desk is covered with a binder, sunglasses, and other equipment.
Two young ladies using a computer at a library or lounge.
A white desk and chair in home office
A computer keyboard under a laptop keyboard in a darkened room
A computer and television sit on a hotel desk.
A laptop that is sitting on a table.
Young kitten near coffee mug looking at counter top.
Two identical twins sitting together with identical laptops.
A living room is shown with massive book shelves.
A dark living room has a backlit computer screen.
A black and white car laying on a desk by a laptop computer.
an image of man with a puppy in a tie
A woman holding a green and white computer
a laptop on a bed with sheets and covers
A man is checking computer and audio equipment in a room.
A black cat lying on a pink computer keyboard.
A person is taking a picture with their cellphone of a laptop computer.
A computer modem with a mouse in front of it.
Luggage and camera equipment are sitting on the floor.
A desk has three computers and lots of computer accessories on it.
A cat walks across a hardwood floor in a sparsely decorated apartment. 
A small room with two single beds, a desk and two chairs in it.
A woman is on her laptop while sitting down
A cell phone sitting on top of a laptop computer keyboard.
A woman sitting with her infant who is on his stomach in front of a laptop.
A very cute cat laying on a laptop.
A small charm reads "@me" on a laptop.
A man and a woman sitting next to each other on a couch with lap tops open on their laps.
A cat that is laying on a bed near a laptop.
A grey tiger cat sleeping in a brown bowl on a table.
A medium sized dog is sitting next to a table.
a table holding a laptop in an office
people sitting in the seating area of a plane
A table with a radio, cell phone and laptop on it. 
A cat that is sitting at a desk next to a laptop.
The man is standing in the road waiting to cross. 
A woman showing a little boy something on a lap top computer.
An office has computers and equipment on each desk.
A table with food, computer screen and lab top and papers on it.
A cat laying on the keyboard of a computer.
A hippy sitting at a table with a cat on top of it working on a laptop.
A laptop computer on display at Best Buy.
Two men sitting on a bench typing on a computer.
A group of people sitting on beach and a blue canopy.
A woman holding up her laptop wrapped in a cozy.
A living room scene with a laptop and a television.
A computer, tablet and phone sits on a table next to a lamp.
A very cluttered table with a lap top computer on it and some compact discs on it.
A full view of a working desk with computer screens. 
a cat sitting on the keyboard portion of an open laptop
A woman sitting at a  table with a slice of pizza.
there is a man using a lap top to shave his mustache
People are looking at computer and one man has a camera.
Two laptops, some cameras, and many cords and accessories take the entire space of a bed.
A computer desk with a monitor and a laptop.
a laptop sits on a desk next to some papers 
A plate of food sitting between two laptop computers.
there is a black lap top on top of a desk 
A desk with a laptop and desktop computer.
a living room with two laptops and a tv
The laptop is left on the desk in the room.
A group of people sitting at a table working on their laptops.
A cat sitting on top of a note pad on a table.
Three young men sit at a table using four laptops.
A papasan is at a laptop with a monitor behind it.
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
The dog was sitting on the couch near the laptop and remotes.
A tiny bedroom with a MacBook sitting on a bed.
a person in a brown shirt on a blue couch and a laptop
A jacket on a chair by some laptops.
A DESK TOP TABLE WITH TWO DIFFERENT LAPTOPS 
A computer desk with mugs, a desktop monitor and cards.
A laptop and a set of speakers stands on a table.
There is a woman eating a donut in front of a laptop.
a desk with a keyboard next to a laptop 
A man wearing a hat in front of large bottles.
a cat lays down on top of a laptop 
A man is holding a video game controller from a sofa.
Two small kids are laying in bed with laptops open. 
A close up view of an electrical device
A laptop computer that is on a table.
A picture of a full size motorcycle in an office. 
Multiple computers and electronics on a wooden desk.
The contents of a bag are displayed on a table.
A man kneeling down next to another man in front of a laptop.
Vase of roses and other flowers on a desk.
A couple is sitting outside using their laptops.
A coffee and a muffin sit next to a tablet with an image on it.
A laptop is sitting on a somewhat made bed. 
A dining table sits under the summer sun.
a man seated on a chair holding a laptop
A laptop monitor displaying a page of text.
A woman sitting on a park bench looking at a laptop.
A girl is sitting on the floor of a library typing on a laptop.
A very large group of people are sitting at tables.
A desk with two computers and several accessories.
five monitors a keyboard mouse and a laptop
A table displaying a large lot of electronic equipment.
A man sitting at a table in front of a laptop.
A small child laying asleep on a blue seat next to a laptop.
A small cat sits with its owner on a laptop.
The meeting of the minds brings together the best men and women and their technological skills.
Travel books are stacked on top of an Apple laptop keyboard.
A tabby cat rests peacefully on a computer keyboard.
A group of people hang out together in a hotel room. 
A boy is sitting at a table with his laptop.
THERE IS A LAPT OP AND A DESK AND A CHAIR
a table with a turned on laptop on it
A classroom with kids on laptops at their desks.
A plant in a clay pot and a vase of red potatoes on a table.
Two young men sitting down at a table with laptops.
This is a living room that has laptops and other electronic equipment in it.
A woman sitting in front of a computer desk with a baby.
A living room has a corner desk with chairs and sofa.
Dark grey cat sleeping on to person's lap and laptop computer on a sofa or reclining chair
a woman is working on a laptop at a desk
A cat sits across a notebook computer with a Facebook page on the screen.
A desk in an office with a computer on top of it.
a couple of guys sitting at tables working on lap tops
A picture of someone's office desk and computer.
A man is using his laptop on the couch
A woman holds up a tablet next to another tablet with keyboard. 
A Nintendo Wii gaming system sitting on top of a metal table.
A kid sitting at a table with some food.
A laptop on a bed with images printed from the internet on it. 

View of a home, living room, and dining room with cabinets, books, and assorted furniture.
People are sitting around a table with their computers.
A desk with a laptop and a keyboard and mouse.
A black cat sitting on a laptop computer. 
A cat that is laying next to a computer mouse.
a small boy in a gray jacket and a laptop
a man in a tuxedo sits at a table and uses a laptop 
Woman sits on beach with laptop pondering what to write.
A wooden bench sitting in the middle of a forest.
People sitting in a circle waiting for something.
A man sitting at a table with a laptop in front of him.
The computer is being operated by an infant.
A living room with three laptop computers on the floor and one laptop computer on the couch.
A desk with a laptop, monitor, keyboard and mouse.
An outdoor table with a laptop and cell phones on top of it
A person standing in a kitchen with some food.
There are a number of electronics on a desk.
A home office area with several computers and a printer.
Person's hand spooning from a big bowl of ice cream on desk with computer.
A woman sitting at a table with a dog and a laptop.
A woman is sitting in a booth at a restaurant with empty dishes while on her laptop.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and diffuse umbrella lights.
A dog plays with his toys while a woman stands at a desk.
A desk that has a laptop computer on it.
Two people sitting in low light looking at laptop screens.
A table with a laptop and a bottle on it. 
A lady is sitting down, and observing an object. 
The laptop has a striped background on the desktop.
A pug dog on a desk with leash by computers.
Lady watching and participating in exercise video on TV. Christmas tree in the corner and a lot of book shelves.
Two laptops are sitting on a coffee table in front of a desktop which sits on an entertainment center.
A persons' hands scrolling and clicking on their laptop computer.
The stuffed toy monkey is next to the laptop computer.
A broken laptop computer sitting on a desk.
A table with three pints of beer and a laptop.
a young girl sitting at a table using a small laptop
A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
A man in an office with a laptop computer.
A classroom full of children working on laptop computers.
People sitting at different tables working on laptops.
a beaded necklace is laying on a laptop
A bedroom with a chair, computer desk, chair and computer. 
A man sitting in a chair holding a laptop computer.
Two children are looking at a laptop computer.
A little baby sitting on top of a bed on it's stomach.
A laptop sitting on a table in a black and white photo.
A living room over head view of a living room with lots of furniture.
there are children sitting in a classroom with computers
An open laptop computer sits on a closed toilet. 
a little dog laying under the table at someones feet
A family sitting down together in a living room with a young child.
An untidy room is turned into a tidy room with a dog laying amidst the progress.
A man sits beside another man that is using a laptop.
a desk with a lot of paperwork and some computers and laptops on it
Two men sitting on a couch are playing a game.
A beautiful young lady smiling and sitting on a bed with a laptop computer.
A young man using a laptop in front of a desk with a desk computer.
A laptop computer sits open near a computer keyboard and a computer monitor on a desk.
There is a woman holding an object in her hand.
A person types on their laptop on their bed.
A cluttered desk with two computers and stacked books.
A woman sitting next to a man using a laptop computer.
A man is on his laptop while people looking on. 
A large green bird sitting on a laptop.
A man sitting at a computer desk with two laptop computers.
an image of a cat sitting on the bed on top of a laptop
a glass table with computers and a laptop in use
a modern looking kitchen with pretty wood paneling
A computer desk that has a monitor and a laptop on it.
a room with some couch and a window opened
Small rumpled bed with strategically placed laptop in dark room.
A woman wearing glasses sitting at a desk with a laptop computer. 
A laptop computer in a dark room being lit up from behind.
A sleepy cat on its back playing with a stuffed animal
A home computer and a laptop on a desk.
a man standing up with a sign around his neck
Two men playing with an interactive video game.
Various Apple products are displayed with bags on a bed. 
A laptop, cell phone and bottled water on a backyard table
A desk with a laptop, computer, lamp, mouse and papers on it. 
A computer desk with two animals laying on a chair.
There are two computers sitting on the desk.
A large orange cat sleeping on top of a laptop computer.
A large flat screen TV sitting in a living room.
Laptop computer monitor with lots of clutter on the surrounding desk
The colorful cake has a small train and symbols on it. 
A large white bowl filled with ice cream is sitting by a laptop. 
Black cat is laying on the keyboard of an Apple laptop. 
A young man and woman watch something on a laptop during a train ride.
A woman in black jacket talking on cellphone and carrying a purse.
A furbee pet on a shelf above a computer.
a guy sitting at the kitchen table with his lap top.
A at sitting by a desk next to a laptop computer.
A group of people are in a large room filled with computers.
An animal's paw is on the keyboard of the computer.
A person sitting around a desk playing a computer game.
A black laptop sitting on a desk next to a remote controller.
Two laptop computers are on a wooden table.
A small living room has a lot of furniture in it.
Toys are arranged on the desk in an office.
A woman using ear buds seated on a sofa near a table.
A television is illuminated in a family room.
A man sitting in a chair smiling at a sleeping cat on a bed.
A yellow cat laying upside down on the couch.
A man holding a laptop in one of his hands
A woman is making herself comfortable in an arm chair with her laptop computer. 
A man smiles as he works on his Mac laptop.
A man that is sitting down in front of a computer.
A red chair is parked near a large screen television and a window.
A white sofa and tables in front of a fireplace.
a black cat sleeping on a laptop by a window
A cat crouched down staring at a computer mouse 
There are two people sitting down at a desk with a computer on it. 
There is toaster oven, cell phone, laptop, lamp, and various small items on this desk. 
A room in a home that has a small table with one chair on the side and another piece of furniture in the next area.
A metal and glass computer desk by a window.
A toddler perplexed and amazed by the big toy in front of him
A woman looking at some maps that are laying on a hotel bed.
A laptop sits open next to a bed.
A man with a laptop holds a conversation with a woman
A desk with a telephone, monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. 
A Starbucks cup of coffee and a lap top share time together.
A coffee table with three laptops sitting open.
A bunch of kids in a class room with laptops.
a desk that has a lot of mess on it
A seminar has been set up while people sit in front of laptops and open cell phones.
A laptop resting on top of a microwave. 
a person standing near a table with a laptop
A young boy working on an open laptop.
An apple lap top on top of suit cases.
The cat is walking on the desk in front of the computer.
A very big nice looking kitchen with many cabinets.
A small living room with large furniture and clutter everywhere
The computers are left on the desk in the room. 
A bedroom with an orange blanket covered bed siting next to a room full of creepy pictures and a laptop computer.
A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.
A wallet and watch sit next to a laptop. 
two people playing nintendo wii at a booth
A dinner table has been reverted to a home office.
A woman and two men looking at a laptop screen.
A woman with glasses sitting down in a dark room looking at an Apple computer.
A laptop computer is seen sitting next to a television.
A little boy that is sitting at a laptop.
People in line by a table with waters, grapes and bananas. 
A shelf holding a laptop and speakers. 
Someone is eating while doing work on the laptop
A laptop computer with many cute personalized accessories. 
a room with a laptop and a computer monitor with the laptop attached to strings
A table with a black laptop next to a person on couch.
People sitting in chairs in a waiting room.
A laptop computer resting on an extended portion of a desk.
A cat on a desk by a laptop computer.
a desk with a laptop a mouse and a cup
A backpack, laptop, pens, scissors, calculator, tape, a notebook and other stationary supplies.
A person at a table outdoors with a laptop.
A black and white kitten is asleep on a keyboard laptop.
long tables with black chairs behind them 
A man working on a computer at a table.
A sculpture of a giraffe is standing amidst sculptures of buffalos.
A woman with raised arms leaping into the air.
A cat is sitting on a laptop by a window.
A person looks at a laptop while on an airplane
Two computer monitors are the centerpiece of a cluttered office space.
Two laptop computer screens on a desk next to each other.
A boy sits in bed and leans over against his laptop
A cat is sitting comfortable on a laptop
A man that is sitting at a laptop.
a woman sitting on the ground with an open laptop
a desk with a laptop and cell phone 
A woman lying in a bed looking at a laptop.
A table with many laptops on top of it.
A woman sitting at a table in front of a laptop computer.
The tablet is open on the counter for help with the recipe. 
A computer sits on a desk next to a can full of pens and pencils.
The man is sitting down and going through his paperwork.
Several people people use laptops around a bar. 
A very neat and orderly lookind one room studio apartment..
A man using a laptop at work 
Electronics and papers are strewn around a living room
a laptop computer powered on and sittng on a desk 
A laptop on a tabletop with binder near it
A bunch of laptops sitting on a kitchen table. 
A person with a book squatted under a tree.
Computers and other electronics on top of a table.
A home office work station with a computer and printer on it.
A person with their legs crossed sitting in front of a stuffed animal rabbit and several books.
A laptop taken apart and sitting on a desk next to some tools and a mouse.
A woman is giving a presentation with a laptop.
A man laying on a bed while using a laptop.
A man sitting at a table with a coke playing a Tiddly Wiik game.
a big kitchen with beige cabinets and dining table
Three people work at a table on laptops while a vintage typewriter is alone.
a young woman plays the Nintendo wii in front of amused friends
three people standing in a room and eating food.
A laptop computer is open next to lit lamp.
there are two people on lap tops and a dog sitting between them
A desk that has many computers sitting on top of it.
A laptop and a device consisting of a watch and other gears.
A desk with a microphone laptop and keyboard.
a stuffed frog sitting on a keyboard holding a mouse
a black cat is standing on a table with some tools
There are four laptops open on the desk. 
An computer and monitor placed on desk next to a book shelf
A living room completely dominated by a large, black couch
a wooden desk with a keyboard a laptop and a monitor
A man in black shirt sitting next to a computer desk.
A man is sitting at his laptop with a smile on his face.
Man and woman in a bedroom holding up Wii controllers. 
An empty hotel room with a tv and desk with chair.
A kitten checking out a white laptop computer.
a laptop on a table with a piece of wood under the end of it
A man standing, looking up from his laptop.
A taco salad sits on white paper near a table with a lap top.
A Starbucks can, book, laptop and plate of food.
two people standing using cell phones near one another
Two women are playing on laptops near a box of donuts. 
A person sitting in front of a laptop with their hand on the mouse.
A woman holding up a laptop computer in a classroom.
a bedroom with a bed and a computer on a desk
A man sitting at a table on a laptop.
A desk contains a laptop, a keyboard, a phone, a picture of a baby, and various other office clutters.
A messy room with computer equipment inside of it. 
a person sitting at a table with a laptop
a laptop with some containers around it and a full glass on it 
A red apple atop a Macbook Pro laptop computer
Shirtless man using a laptop on a lawn chair.
There are two laptops on a laptop one is smaller than the other.
A man sitting on a sofa with a laptop
a wood table with four computers and pen and paper
Laptop on a desk with windows overlooking buildings. 
A woman works on her computer in an all-white kitchen.
a man that is sitting at a small laptop
A women who is working on a laptop computer.
Table with chairs and computer monitor with door open
An Apple computer on the counter of a dark kitchen.
a laptop is next to a reader on a desk
A man is working on a laptop next to other computers.
A blond woman doing various things in room.
a laptop computer is turned on by a stove
An NEC notebook PC is open on a white office desk.
A cup of coffee is on a table next to a laptop computer. 
a laptop sitting on a table, with a beer and tv in background.
a desk with a computer and a tv inside of a room
A group of people sitting in a busy cafe.
The room in the house needs to be picked up.
A man is peering into the kitchen as several children are seated in the living room.
A boy sits on the ground and looks at a laptop. 
a desk with chair and a cabinet and lamp resting on a hard wood floor
The Dell tablet and its protective case are displayed.
a room full of laptops on the tables while on
A desktop computer and a laptop computer are sitting on a desk.
a couple of computers are sitting on a desk
Group of people all on laptops during a meeting
A beautiful little girl sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A desktop that has only a computer and keyboard on it.
Two people are playing video games in a room.
A little dog on a couch in a living room
An interior room with clutter overlooking the city and water.
A man sits on hit laptop and desktop behind a messy desk.
A middle aged man sitting in front of his laptop computer,
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
a laptop on a bed a picture and a couch
A man sitting in front of a piano keyboard.
Two blonde women looking at the screen of a laptop.
an office work space with keyboard, mouse and 2 monitors
A laptop and a camera on the ground, with a view of surrounding mountains and hills.
A bottle of wine sits on a desk by a laptop.
A couple of guys, one on a cell phone, one on a laptop.
A long haired cat lies on top of an open laptop and keyboard.
a desk with a laptop and an extra keyboard 
A cat is by a window and two computers.
A laptop sitting on a desk near a lamp and plant.
A desk covered in both desktop computers and a laptop.
A man playing with a wii console on Christmas
Two monitors that are on, on a desk in the dark 
A plate full of food is on a table with an large cup.  
A black laptop computer sits on a desk.
A cat standing near an open laptop on a desk
There is a laptop computer next to a desktop computer.
A laptop and laptop bag lie on the floor.  
A man standing behind another man who is holding a laptop in a living room.
A laptop is on a desk with a desktop computer. 
A yellow cat sleeping on top of a laptop computer.
Hands working on two laptops on a table.
A laptop on a stand next to a keyboard, mouse and headphones.
Group of adults using laptop computers in living room.
A lady is sitting on her laptop near the Christmas tree. 
A group of four people are playing a video game.
One soldier counting pills and another soldier using a laptop.
A desk with a lap top and a computer and keyboard on top of it.
Three cats lazing on a daybed in front of a laptop computer
A wooden desk features a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard, and other electronics.
A black and white kitten stands atop a laptop computer
There is a person in the picture alone.


Three college students sitting on the couch working on their laptops.

An empty table that is set up for dining.
a funny sign resting on a laptop screen 
A close view of a computer keyboard with a children's book on it is shown.
A cat that is laying down on a laptop.
A room with a couple desks, chairs and computer equipment.
The desk has multiple computers set up. 
The laptop is available in black, silver, or red.
A laptop on a table in a room.
This is  a busy corner piled high with books.
a person sitting on a bed with a laptop and a book
A computer desk with a laptop computer on top of it.
a close up of two laptops near one another 
A picture of students with laptops attending a training seminar with a speaker by the podium.
A laptop computer on a desk with a coffee mug next to it. 
A group of people working in a conference room on laptop computers.
A table littered with a laptop case, a statue and various other items.
There is an insulated cup sitting next to the laptop.
a baby crying while playing with a black laptop
A woman is watching a man exercise on a laptop computer. 
The dalmation boldly walks out the front door.
a man wearing an apple logo hat typing on his macbook in his room.
A man in a scarf using his computer. 
A person touching a mobile device on a wooden table with phone and keyboard.
there are many people sitting in a class using lap tops
A man sitting on a couch watching tv and using a lap top.
A glorious photograph of steam rising from a mug of coffee.
A phone, computer, and books on a wooden table
The teen's lap is being shared by a laptop and a kitten.
Men sitting against the wall with their laptops in their laps.
A black cats rests on a wooden desk.
A living room with couch, stairs, and table in it.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a bed.
A man cutting another mans hair in a bathroom.
Laptop computer with camera attached in nice appearing desk.
A desk with a telephone, computer, laptop, a cell phone and a bottle on it. 
A living room filled with furniture and a sliding glass door.
A empty office room with a large table and chairs and a television
Two open laptops sitting on small fold out tables.
a lot of people in a classroom setting 
a desk with a laptop and monitors with a keyboard
siamese cat totally blocking a laptop for attention
A laptop computer and a mouse getting ready to be cleaned with a cleaning cloth.
Two people working on a laptop in a computer lab.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a computer desk.
A picture of a man and woman on the screen of a lap top computer.
a brown dog is in front of a laptop
A young boy celebrating with joy on a holiday morning.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
There is a small lap top with a key board in front of it
A man without a shirt on sitting on a couch with a laptop computer in his lap and one sitting on the floor under his feet.
A girl at a desk studying with her laptop computer
Three men sit at different sides of a table using laptops.
A wooden desk with a computer and a lap top on top of it.
Laptop and two computer screens on a desk overlooking a snowy yard
A white plate topped with spaghetti and garlic bread.
A laptop computer sitting on a desk not being used.
A smart phone connected to a laptop sitting on a table.
A woman that is sitting in front of a computer.
A computer screen and a book on a bed.
someone using a trash can as a seat for a desk 
A person is sitting on a couch reading.
A formal living room with carpets, furniture and a chandelier.
A cat by a chair and table with a laptop.
A photo of a breakfast plate at a restaurant. 
Multiple iPods on a desk surrounded by computers. 
A desk that has five computers on it
A living room filled with furniture and a fire place.
A picture of a man watching a hockey game on a laptop.
A messy workspace equipped with two computers and everything else.
A man is sitting by a desk being interviewed by another man.
A living room has a couch and television in it. 
A messenger bag and other personal belongings on a grey sofa.
a cat laying in a room on some carpet 
A laptop and a keyboard on a desk.
a guy at a table sitting in a chair on his laptop
A very neat person lives in this room.
A laptop computer that has been placed on a bed.
A man holding an apple computer in his hands. 
Man sitting on a black couch while using his laptop.
A tired looking woman is at a laptop computer.
The cat is sitting on a laptop placed on a bed.
A laptop sitting on an desk surrounded by toys.
a chair that is sitting in front of a laptop.
A man on a bench looking at a laptop.
A person with his feet on a desk with pizza and a Coke.
A wooden desk with a laptop sitting on it.
A laptop on a desk beside several books, magazines and papers
A little boy playing with a LeapPad while sitting on a couch.
a table top with a bunch of electronics on it 
a turned on  computer sitting on top of a desk
A desktop computer sitting next to a  laptop computer.
A woman uses a laptop computer in a busy area.
a man standing in front of people using laptops 
Two men laughing in front of their laptops.
There is a laptop computer on a wooden desk.
a person laying in a bed with a laptop 
Four men sit around a table with laptops.
A desk with a lap top and a desk top computers.
a living room with a  book shelf a tv and a laptop
A cat looking angry as it is laying on top of a laptop.
Doughnuts in a box are on a counter for sale.
A man playing a guitar and other musical instruments
The woman is sitting up in bed on her laptop. 
A man laying on a bed using a laptop.
A woman sitting at a desk using top laptop computers.
A man sitting by a computer smiling as he holds something near his face.
A photo of a laptop on a bed with a TV in the background.
The counter of a doctor's office, including a laptop, cotton swabs, and tongue depressors.
A computer keyboard lying on top of a laptop computer.
a young child sitting on a chair holding a lap top
There are several telephones and two lap tops on the desk.
A large beverage is sitting next to an Apple Laptop
A laptop computer sitting on top of a set of three boxes.
A cut up pizza sitting by a plate and a pair of cups.
A room with a large L shaped couch and several chairs.
A cat that is standing on a laptop.
a desk with a laptop, extra monitor and keyboard, and a darth vader mask 
A man smiling for the camera while typing on a laptop.
A wooden office desk with papers, computer and netbook
A table with two laptops and various cords on it.
there are many newspapers and tissues on this desk
A black and brown dog sitting on top of a desk.
A notebook computer is open next to a desktop computer.
Shearer on a stage demonstrating how to shear a sheep
A computer desk with a keyboard, laptop and computer monitor.
The desk holds a laptop, a cd player, some flashlights, and other odds and ends.
The person is watching a screen on her laptop.
A cat laying next to a keyboard on a desk.
A family sitting on a couch, each with their own laptop computer.
finished lower level of a home filled with stuff
Man sitting on couch hiding his face into a pillow.
a bunch of computers on a desk together. 
Man with large plastic red lips staring at camera.
A man and a dog that are sitting in front of a laptop.
Two turned on computers, sitting on a glass table.
A simple workspace for playing games on a laptop.
Several laptops and monitors on a white table.
A desk holds a carton of juice and a laptop computer
Messy bed with a laptop computer sitting on a table beside it. 
This tech wizard leaves all options open, equipping his computer area with both a laptop and desktop machine.
Three people sitting on a couch looking a binder of paper.
The living room in the house is empty.
an open laptop sitting in a purple chair
work desk space with a laptop and office supplies.
A laptop computer that is playing a movie.
A laptop sitting on a table with a mouse beside of it.
A desk with a computer, coffee cup, and reading material.
a laptop has a bunch of stickers on it
an image of a bedroom that is dishelved with clothes strewn
Happy dog lying under  loaded computer cubical desk.
a man laying on the floor with his laptop on his lap
A woman is staring at a laptop computer.
a man in glasses using a laptop keyboard
Three laptop computers sitting on a made bed.
A desk that has a computer on it.
A counter with a pizza stone and pizza and various kitchen items.
The living room includes a grey sofa and a large laptop.
Several people sit at the table with their computers.
An overhead of two people sitting at a table with laptops.
a computer sits on a desk in front of a keyboard 
a table that has a bunch of books on it
people sitting at a table on laptops working
A black and white cat sitting on top of an open laptop.
The conference room has  many tables and chairs with monitors on the wall.
Messy bed with at least two black dogs and a laptop.
A computer screen on a desk in a room.
a person sitting at a small table with a laptop
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
People working on computers at a low table
A laptop perched above an oven with a saucepan on it.
A woman plays on her laptop in her bed
A cluttered office with a lot of electronic equipment.
Two men sitting at a table using laptop computers.
A computer that is hooked up to a tv sitting on a desk.
A desk with a computer monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. 
A meeting with people sitting at tables with laptops on. 
A dog is looking at a white laptop
a laptop with a sign in screen for second life 
Some fruit and flowers sit above a desk with a laptop. 
a living room with couches and a christmas tree
This nice alcove allows a computer user to look outdoors.
a computer is on display for a group of people
A man sitting on a couch in front of an open laptop computer.
The man sits at a table with his laptop.
A clear chair with a modern desk in living room.
a living room with a couch, table and a glass door
Two laptops next to each other and well-connected.
Two young women having a glass of beer in a restaurant.
The desk has two laptops, a monitor and keyboard. 
A cat that is laying on a laptop. 
A desk with several computers sitting on top of it.
many people and a lady and a man playing video game
A person is using a laptop computer outside.
One person singing into a microphone while another person works a sound board.
A couch, a corner light, a chair, computer chair and desk in a small room.
A young woman on a macbook drinking a beverage.
A black dog with his paw on a laptop computer.
A gold colored fish and lily pad stickers under a laptop keyboard.
A laptop and a personal computer sit upon a table.
A computer is set up on a desk with a screen, a keyboard and a mouse.
Two laptop computers side by side on a desk.
A computer monitor with a keyboard next to some beer bottles.
an image of a man that is sitting on a couch
A thin young man sits on a couch using a laptop.
A desk with a laptop and various other items on top of it.
there are many people sitting at a table talking
A bedroom with four pieces of artwork on the walls and a TV on a wooden desk.
A table topped with lots of laptop computers.
A vacant workspace with a desktop and laptop, and a paper notebook.
a desk with a keyboard mouse and monitor
Two laptop computers are side by side on a desk.
A laptop on a coffee table in front of a tv. 
An orange and white kitten resting on top of a computer keyboard.
a couple of people that are sitting in a room
Two laptops sitting on a desk in front of a calendar.
A couple of men looking at a laptop computer.
a man sitting on a couch between two people using laptops 
Young woman collapsed on bed in her presumed bed room.
An Apple laptop and a Samsung laptop are sitting on a table.
A bunch of guys at a very big table with some laptops.
A laptop computer sits on a desk lit by a lamp. 
A person that is laying down on a couch.
Two people are holding and looking at an IPAD.
A sandwich and lettuce that is on a plate.
A tv stand with a television and a laptop.
A picture filled with many things all inside.

A desk containing a computer monitor and laptop.
Two men look into a cell phone near a laptop.
A laptop is sitting on a desk piled with papers.
A cat is sitting on top of the keyboard of a laptop.
A woman is shown sitting at a computer desk
Man sitting on a train typing on his laptop.
A cat is lying on a desk next to a laptop and computer mouse
A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer on it.
A view of a city from a man's desk 
A computer desk with a laptop computer sitting on top of it.
A desk is set up with all sorts of computer equipment.
a laptop that is laying on a bed
A person in plaid pants typing on a laptop.
A lounge chair sits under a tent with a laptop in front of it. 
A young man laying on a pallet while another person operates a laptop.
A laptop next to a glass of wine and a cellphone.
There is a great room with high ceilings and a log beam.
A man and a woman are looking at a laptop.
A classroom is filled with students staring and surrounding a table full of open laptops.
A small little boy playing on laptop that is setting on a pillow.
Two computers are left on in the dark.
A hand holding a sandwich filled with jelly.
A man on a skateboard navigating an obstacle course.
A desk with a laptop and monitor are powered on as they sit on a desk.
A man sitting at a table in front of a laptop computer.
a room with a small bed well made
A laptop computer sitting on the edge of a desk.
Small white fluffy cat playing on a keyboard of a laptop computer.
Sliced pizza on cutting board sitting on table in front of laptop.
A brown and white cat with it's paws resting on a computer keyboard.
Two closed laptops sitting on top of each other by a monitor 
a laptop computer in front of a window with indoor plants
On this desk a is notebook and pen, a laptop computer, a computer monitor, keyboard, mouse, and an iPhone on a charger. 
A woman and a man using laptops play with their desk top
A computer sits atop a computer desk with a coffee cup.
A cat standing on a bench looking at a computer.
Laptop computer with a skeleton bone on the screen.
A couch with pillows on it, a table beside it, a large window behind it.
a male in a green shirt sleeping and lots of different items
Electric guitar player using a musical keyboard and a laptop.
there are two lap tops on the table
A white dog sleeping on a bed next to a laptop.
A small modern desk beneath a flat screen tv,
COMPUTER WITH AN EXTRA MONITOR, WITH BRIGHT GREEN SCREENS
A plaque with a picture of a young girl and three panda bears sits on a cluttered desk.
A cat laying on papers on a workstation.
A man is on a computer that is connected to a TV.
A person sitting on a bed with a cat and laptop.
a desk with a laptop and a monitor with a keyboard
A woman with a laptop in her lap as she sits beside a bed.
a nice house showing kitchen and a living room
A glass of wine is sitting next to a laptop on a table in a library. 
A persons hand and four laptop computers on a desk
The girl curls up on the bed in the dark and cluttered room.
a man sits next to a child as he uses a computer 
A laptop computer and mouse sitting on a table. 
Three people sitting at a table in a conference room 
a male in a blue shirt and a laptop and couch
A table with two laptop computers sitting on it.
there us a very small room that has two lap tops
three open laptops side by side with hands typing on two of them 
four nice ladies gazing at the computers smiling
A cat standing on a table in front of a fireplace.
There are a man and a woman sitting on a large chair together
A laptop with a mouse and a soda
A little girl that is sitting in front of a laptop.
A cat rests its head on the keyboard of a laptop computer.
A living room with a couch, tables, desk and a laptop computer.
A laptop computer with two phones on top of it.
Some people sitting on a couch with remotes.
a desk with a laptop a mouse and a book
Two laptops are on a computer desk with a cell phone.
A cat sitting on a desk near a laptop, monitor and a mouse.
A young man is sitting with his laptop on the floor. 
A bedroom scene with focus on a desk with a laptop.
The woman is using the computer at the table.
A man and a girl are playing a video game and smiling.
A little girl sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A black and white cat is sitting on the edge of a computer desk where a laptop is on.
a cat laying on a laptop on a desk
A computer mouse sitting on top of a laptop keyboard.
a red laptop a coca cola can and some wires
A computer desk chair sitting in front of a computer.
Two laptops are sitting next to each other on a counter.
A laptop connected to a flat screen tv.
A man in a black shirt being filmed playing Wii.
A woman showing two women something on a laptop screen.
The men are sitting down and watch television. 
A desktop and a laptop on a desk.
a mirror with a reflection of a young man using a laptop 
some women are sitting at a table on their laptops
A cat sleeping on the keyboard of a laptop.
the man sits with his laptop on his lap
A desk with a lamp, remote control, laptop, keyboard, monitor and a mouse on it. 
A laptop computer on a desk with strips of crepe paper on the keyboard 
a table with a closed laptop and a jar of peanuts
A man lying down on a cushion and using a laptop.
A man holding a Wii controller being instructed by another man.
A cordless mouse placed beside a laptop trackpad.
A man sitting next to a woman in front of a blue screen.
A large and nice hotel room with a king size bed.
A laptop is open on a table with coffee near by.
The woman is sitting at her desk with the computer on. 
A man with a laptop in front of a desk with more computers
a small dog staring into the camera as it sits down
Two laptops and a television are all running.
Two open laptops sitting on a very small desk.
A man sitting on a bed in front of two laptop computers.
A woman holding up a laptop while sitting on a couch.
Three people are at a table talking and the laptop is opened in front of them. 
A red couch that has a laptop computer on it.
Adults and children gather around a table with computers on it.
Two young men sitting on a couch playing a video game. 
A small group of people watch a man in white shorts ride his skateboard near small, white cones.
A laptop computer sitting in front of a desktop computer.
A woman and two men working on Apple laptops at a meeting.
A cat plays with a laptop computer trackpad.
A man sits at the desk of an office. 
A man is working on a laptop computer.
A little toy dog sitting in front of a toy laptop.
The man is using his laptop on his desk. 
a woman in a beanie sitting in front of a laptop 
A cat laying on a persons lap that's using a keyboard.
A bedroom with a large bed and a bear sitting on top of it.
a cat sitting on the back of a desk while looking out a window 
FOUR CHILDREN LEARNING ON A COMPUTER IN A CLASSROOM
People look at each other during a business meeting.
Several sodas and a laptop sit on a desk. 
an image of a group of people in the living room
A group of people sitting around a table sharing conversation.
People are sitting at desks on laptop computers.
A couple sits at a table each on their own laptops.
two women appear to be on computers in a library
Two women are working on a computer at the office.
The camera person has their feet up on the desk next to a laptop. 
cat laying on the top shelf above the computer monitor
A laptop sitting on a counter with advertisements and paintings in the background.
A bedroom with bicycle, computer desk and checkered bedspread.
A man is sitting at a computer, holding a tape recorder, and smiling.
Many people are playing a sports video game while standing up.
A bicycle in front of a city cafe
A vacant classroom with tables covered by laptops with headphones
A computer desk top with laptops and a monitor.
A man that is holding a cellphone next to a group of people.
A wooden desk with a laptop computer that is on, and next to it is a desktop computer and monitor that is off.
The woman drinks the wine while the man uses the computer.
a computer monitor and a keyboard with a mouse
A girl excited about a cake at her table.
A hotel room with a surfboard laying against the wall
Laptop computer next to cell phone and eyeglasses on table.
A woman talks to somebody on her laptop.
The little computer is set up to type up the notes
Man on amazing patio overlooking vast expansive blue ocean
A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a computer monitor.
A young boy sitting at a table doing work on a laptop.
A man sitting in a chair with a laptop in his lap.
A white cat sitting in front of a keyboard.
A girl sits on her bed using a laptop. 
Three laptops are open at a table with cell phones.
Two computers side by side on a desk.
two children at a desk with a laptop 
A laptop and several other items sitting on a wooden table.
A desk that has several cups and a computer on it.
A person types on a laptop computer while sitting at a desk.
a bunch of electronics, cords and assorted books and pens next to a laptop and backpack
A cat sits on the floor next to a laptop. 
A desk with plates of food and computers on it
A stuffed mouse toy next to a laptop.
a large dog lays on the floor next to a couch
A laptop computer set up in front of a desk top computer
A girl sitting in a chair holding a laptop in her hands.
a man with glasses sitting on a bed using a laptop computer
There is a desktop computer sitting next to a laptop computer.
This is a typical small American cubicle work space.
this is a meal that someone ordered at a high end restaurant
An external keyboard sits in front of a laptop computer.
A cat sitting on a laptop that is sitting on a desk
A mouse and a keyboard on a table.
A chair sitting in front of a brown desk.
A book sits open on the office desk next to a laptop.
A corded mouse sitting next to the keyboard of a laptop.
a light a television set a desk a mouse and wires
A a desk with two plastic storage containers and a laptop on top.
The desk has a glass top on it.
There is a cat next to the computer screen.
Small computer area with a small wooden desk. 
A laptop and some more items on a wooden desk.
A box with a picture of a television and its set on it.
A stack of cds and dvds is against a computer monitor and a microphone
The light shines on a cluttered desk with a laptop on it.
Someone typing on a computer while using a mouse.
A white Macintosh computer monitor and keyboard setup.
A notebook computer is open on a table.
A desk containing 4 computer mice and a keyboard
a banana has pushed through its peel on a desk
a desk with a laptop a monitor and a mouse
A view of a modern apartment dwelling and it's furnishings.
A photo of someone's room with a desk, computer and television.
A cluttered desk, containing a laptop, blue water bottle, and many other items
A man sitting at a desk looking at a laptop.
A desktop with its monitor turned off on a table. 
A computer and a laptop are on a computer desk.
LAP TOP COMPUTER WITH CORDS ALL OVER THE PLACE
A man is standing in a room in a batting position.
a lady in a office looking at a computer
A desk has two computer monitors, a cell phone, mouse, laptop, and keyboard on it. 
Desk computer with a hand controlling the mouse 
A desk with a laptop and a desktop on it in front of a table with large chairs.
a man sitting at a desk using his laptop 
two apple desk top computers at a desk
The man in the chair is playing a video game.
Many items are scattered around the computer. 
A cat has made itself comfortable on the chair.
A sony computer with a website about theory istherreason 
There are three computers on the desk all on at the same time.
living room angle with fireplace, bookshelf, furniture, and hardwood floors
A busy desk with three computers running simultaneously.
A cat sits on the top of a computer desk.
 A laptop sitting on a desk with a mouse. 
THERE IS A DESK TOP COMPUTER ON THE TABLE 
A computer mouse is sitting on the page of a book.
a desk with a monitor a keyboard and mouse
The lap top keyboard light-up feature makes the keys easier to see.
The desk is full of computers, paperwork, and books.  
A hand with a gold ring is posed over a wireless keyboard, beside a wired mouse
A new wireless mouse in its box near a new keyboard.
A guy sitting on a couch with his cat and working on the computer.
A couple of people using laptops at a long desk.
A person controlling a mouse at a computer.
A wooden shelf on a brick wall with a storage bin under it, a laptop and lamp are on the shelf.
A stuffed monkey on a computer desk with two computers.
A large computer sitting on a desk near a smaller computer
A computer, papers, pens and other electronics are on a desk.
A small television is on in a room
A computer desk has two computers sitting on it.
Electronic and personal items from a back pack laid out neatly
The office space is efficient with a wraparound counter whose corner has a tuckaway keyboard. 
A computer desk is illuminated with a desk lamp.
A table with a laptop computer and three additional monitors.
A mouse that is sitting next to a keyboard.
a table with some electronics on it 
An editing studio inside of a room with a lot of electronics.
A computer desk with a monitor, phone, and laptop on top of it.
A computer,key board,cell phones and other electronic gadgets are on the table.
A man in a blue shirt works on his laptop.
A person sits at a desk of an elegant study. 
Various toys, medicines, and office supplies clutter a desk. 
An interior view of a desk with a computer, printer and office chair.
A group of people with computers working around a table
an image of group of people in a meeting
A black and white cat sleeps on a laptop.
A trio of computer monitors on stacks of books on a desk.
Resting on the couch with comforts close to hand.
A desk is shown with a computer screen on.
Several laptops, a monitor and a keyboard sit on a white table.
There are computers and telephones on a desk.
An office workspace with a desk covered with many papers.
A man standing in front of a table with a  computer on it.;
There is a computer mouse, keyboard, and coffee mug shown. 
a living room with white curtains and a black couch and table
A color opposed photo of a desktop computer.
A computer set up on top of a wooden desk.
The computer desk has two laptops, two monitors, and a leather chair.
A variety of items are shown on the top of a desk.
The laptop is on the desk but it is turned off. 
Boy moving mouse around with different colored keys on keyboard
A desktop and laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.
An open laptop computer sitting next to a musical keyboard.
office space with computer, second monitor and books
THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A DESK TOP COMPUTER AND A MOUSE ON THE DESK 
A computer desk that is very cluttered and disorganized.
A person holding a cell phone near a man sitting at a desk working on a computer. 
Four young people have crowded into a small office.
A computer setup featuring 3 monitors and a printer.
Two computer screens have the same image of a baby in a hat. 
Looking out the window past a modern office desk 
a laptop computer, a cell phone and a telephone on a table
The desk is set up with multiple computers. 
A desktop computer sitting on top of an office desk.
A computer showing a webpage atop a table.
A woman playing ping-pong over the top of two small child laptops.
A glass desk with monitor, keyboard and laptop.
a black laop is sitting on a table
this desk top computer has a yoshi doll on it
A man holding a donut and a cup of liquid
Two monitors sit on an organized desk area
Two computer mouses are on a silver pad.
A very messy room with two wooden bunk beds.
The desk has a lot of computer equipment on it.
An open laptop behind a keyboard and mouse. 
A very nice looking work station with some flowers.
The entertainment center has many electronics underneath the television.
A large flat screen TV sitting on an entertainment center.
Two people in a living room are looking at their laptops.
A desk holding a laptop with extra keyboard, mouse, speakers, telephone and empty wine glass.
A desk with a computer and laptop and a black chair.
A laptop computer is sitting on top of a desk.
A silver laptop computer on a desk in an office.
A desk with a very cute pink keyboard on it.
A bunch of monitors that are sitting on a desk.
Two men at a table using laptops and eating.
A small toddler, wearing a yellow bib, is investigating a laptop.
A desktop computer with a stuffed animal turtle on top.
Office workers have fun with donuts and sprinkles.
A laptop computer on a wooden floor in an old house
a black keyboard and a power strip and cords
A backpack, laptop, mouse, power cord, head phones, flash drive, dvd and other items.
A person with their hand on a glowing mouse
a brown desk a chair a keyboard printer and monitor
A man is using a laptop computer on his lap
A cat sleeping amongst some computers at a work station.
Laptop computer next to a radiator on a desk.
A black television and a white computer monitor and keyboard on a desk.
A home desk has a computer, lamp, and knick-knacks.
A small computer desk with electronics on it
Four people sitting in a small area preparing to play a game of Wii.
A man in white shirt at table with notebook and laptop.
A persons feet resting on a desk either side of an open laptop with a second screen behind it, two desk lamps and some books
a laptop and keyboard on some kind of desk
A modern glass desk on a hardwood floor with a laptop on the desk.
A young woman sits at a computer in an office.
There is a paper with a drawing an a nokia phone on top of it
An office desk with a flat screen monitor, keyboard, mouse, and a large CPU on the desktop.
A boy uses a mouse and looks at a laptop on a wooden desk.
Two rugs and some red pillows have been tossed on the couch.
a ball is next to a wood desk
Stuffed animals sit on top of bookshelves in a library.
The people are using their computers in the dark. 
A computer keyboard sitting next to a  computer mouse.
Every computer techie deserves a corner of his own.
Man and woman sitting at table viewing computer screen.
A calculator on a desk and a laptop computer and desktop. 
the desk has a television on it with speakers
A row of laptop computers sitting on a long desk.
A living room is fitted with a large couch, fireplace, some lamps, and a TV.
A red cell phone is sitting on top of a red laptop beside a computer mouse. 
A man with a ponytail works outside on his laptop and a woman watches him.
A young man sitting at a simple desk with a laptop computer and bed in the background.
Two men stand in a living room playing a tennis video game.
A man sitting at a table by an open laptop raising his hand
Small computer station holding a white computer. 
a couple of different kinds of computers are next to each other
A laptop and a cat on a desk.
A laptop and desk clutter, papers and wires.
A computer desk with keyboard and mouse 
A camera is sitting on a desk near a computer keyboard.
A half full mug next to a light up keyboard.
A loaf of bread with a knife for cutting sitting among several piggy banks
A table with four computers on top, three of which are laptops
A grey and white cat on a desk next to a desktop computer.
A woman and teddy bear are sitting in chairs.
A small cat sitting on an office chair.
A computer setup has a desktop, laptop, and smartphone
An empty kitchen with a computer monitor and laptop sitting on a counter. 
A very clean shiny desk near a window
A man is typing near a desk cluttered with electronics.
There is a desktop computer sitting on a desk.
A computer sitting on top of a desk.
There are several items on the desk with the keyboard.
Messy home office with laptop computer and printer
A teddy bear holding a cloth daisy sitting on a desk.
an image of a person on a laptop
A laptop sits on a table in a cafe.
Red tabby cat sitting on a desk between computer monitors.
A PC computer with a color monitor that has stickers around the outside of it and a wire tray as the keyboard holder.
A desk area with two monitors, and lap top.
A bedroom complete with bunk beds, chairs and a desk.
The office is equipped with all the newest equipment.
A table with electronics such as a computer, cell phone, laptop and a cordless phone.
An office with a desk, bookshelves, computer, and laptop.
Two laptops sitting beside each other on a desk.
A thin wireless keyboard sitting on a table top.
a wooden table with a keyboard by a monitor on a stand
a computer sitting in the corner of a room 
A man sitting at a desk typing on a laptop.
some books a keyboard a mouse a desk and a monitor
A hand that is sitting on a mouse next to a keyboard.
computer screen and computer mouse glowing in the dark
a guy using scissors on his computer  
A young woman using a notebook computer watches television.
a mac mouse and keyboard on a desk
Boy using a laptop on a table in a living room.
A man working on his laptop computer at the table.
A wooden desk office space with a functioning computer.
On the desk are a laptop with a mouse, and a tablet.
Man inside on couch working on laptop next to dog.
a desk with a laptop, computer and a rocket 
A computer that has a picture of a frowning face on it.
People in a room with desks and laptops, one person is taking pictures.
A room filled with different types of items all around.

There is a desk top computer and keyboard on a desk
A laptop on a table in a room.
A living room with a couch, table and chairs and picture hanging on the wall.
A wooden table sitting next to a red wall topped with a computer monitor.
A closeup of a keyboard on a desk 
A young man is having a lunch break in the office. 
a blury image of a computer mouse and keyboard
A kitten sitting on the keyboard of a computer.
A teddy bear that is set in front of a laptop.
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sitting on a desk.
A view of a mouse and keyboard, with an apple computer in back.
A small room with a bed, a desk, and a printer.
A desk covered in electronic devices in what seems to be a lab.
An open laptop sitting on a table next to a pile of books and brochures.
A cat plays on a laptop while watching a video.
A black and yellow computer mouse next to a keyboard and a yellow light in the background.
A desk with a desktop computer on top and a bed at the corner
A desk that has a computer and soda on it.
A table with a computer and a lamp is in the corner with a leather chair in front of it and a television on a stand is to the side.
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE AT A LAP TOP CONFERENCE
There are three computer screens and three phones in this room.
A group gathered at a table and chairs under a tent.
A white and silver keyboard and mouse sit on a serface.
A TV sitting next to a computer sitting on top of a desk.
A desktop computer with a grassy field background
A group of people playing a game with some remote controllers.
An aerial view of an office, showing three people at work.
A stack of folder shirts sit on a desk.
Various electronics on a desk wired into a computer terminal
The small dog is standing on the desk next to the computer.
a laptop with a red mouse sitting under a lamp
A simple home computer workspace is small and efficient.
A laptop is kept open on the table A black cat sitting beside it.
this office also has musical equipment in it
A home computer and a chair in a room.
A table topped with electronics and office supplies.
A variety of breakfast foods on a white plate.
Two computer monitors sit in an office cubicle.
A black computer keyboard in a dim room
Two men with wii remotes playing video games.
A neatly organized desk area with numerous personal items.
A office desk with a computer monitor and a cellphone on it.
a bunch of computers that are on a desk
A dusty computer keyboard and mouse sit in a toolshed.
A laptop hooked up with chains on the table.  
Woman cradling phone while holding small food plate.
A cluttered office with a notebook computer beside a keyboard and monitor.
Two people at a table looking at a computer.
A desk with a lot of computer equipment and tangled wires.
A woman sitting and looking at a laptop in a black and white photo.
A mouse and mouse pad next to a computer keyboard.
A man with long hair and a blue shirt sitting in front of a computer.
Several computers on top of a long sectional table. 
A cat sitting on the floor in front of a computer and a desk.
A dog is curled up by a computer with a mouse on his back.
This small cubicle includes a phone, keyboard, and monitor.
A dog curled up on a couch between a sleeping girl and a boy playing computer games. 
A computer keyboard and mouse next to each other.
A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.
A laptop on a stand with an external keyboard connected.
Manual for keyboard and mouse with keyboard and mouse in background.
A single cat standing at attention in a dimly lit room.
An open laptop on a desk next to a window.
A view of a building with a very elegant ceiling and painted roof.
A computer set up with two large monitors on a desk
A desktop computer and two laptop computers on a corner desk.
A laptop computer on a desk with a mouse, keyboard and headphones connected.
A bunch of items laid out on a table to be packed up.
the top of a computer desk with a computer mouse behind a printer next to a tin of colored pencils.
There are three computers to use them right
An office cubicle with a desk, a laptop and desktop computers.
A dog is sitting in an office chair, behind a desk.
A mom holding her baby while working on her laptop.
A teddy bear is posed on a chair in front of a computer holding a card with hearts on it. 
A bowl of food is next to a laptop and many scattered papers.
A mouse that is sitting near a keyboard.
The two computer desks each have two laptops on them. 
Several computer devices atop a small wooden table.
two computes in an office space. one is a lap top 
A sleek black and silver wireless mouse is on this table
A person is holding a pink doughnut with sprinkles near a computer.
A woman is sitting at a desk using a computer.
an office desk full of electronic equipment and paperwork
an image of a computer and keyboard 
Workers stand in a factory with equipment and boxes around.
The computer desk has many electronics and books on it.
a man sitting at a desk with an lap top powered on
A home computer and desk in a room.
The desktop an laptop computers have been set together.
A wooden computer desk with a computer sitting on top of it.
A desk with multiple computer screens forming one large screen.
A cubicle has a computer with two monitors on the desk.
A desk with two computer monitors and a wired keyboard and mouse.

a close up of a cat laying on a couch with a computer mouse
a semi private area of an airplane with a television
An angle shot of a computer keyboard and a straight shot of a computer mouse.
this desk is very long and has a lap top in the middle
a laptop that is on a desk with many other things
A computer sits on a table in a hotel room.
A laptop sitting on top of a curvy desk.
A computer desk is full of office equipment.
A desk with a laptop and a desk top.
A computer desk topped with electronics devices and a computer.
a man eating at his work desk 
A computer keyboard sitting next to a mouse.
A person's legs and feet up on a computer desk by the keyboard.
a small area with a table and chair computer with a nice view out the window
A black and white cat sits in front of a table with a laptop on it. 
A book, papers, and a drink lying next to a laptop on a table.
White desktop computer sitting in the middle of a room. 
A laptop and mouse are setting on a table with some beer.
A computer mouse sits on a clean white computer keyboard.
a woman sitting at her computer desk working with her computer.
A pear shape chocalet cake with frostering being used as ribbons.
A man is playing Wii in his office.
The computer desk has books, a cell phone, and pictures on the cubicle walls. 
A man in a blue shirt sits in his office chair.
one laptop two monitors two keyboards and two mice
A laptop and a mouse on a table.
A man sitting at a desk on a laptop computer
A keyboard, mouse and computer monitor on a desk with a laptop.
The woman is taking a picture as other look on from the room.
a table with two computers and a camera on it 
An electronic gadget connected to a keyboard and wireless mouse. 
a desk topped with multple computer monitors with the same screensaver
a cat is sleeping next to a computer mouse
There is a large table and many people have their MacBook's out.
a bed room with two beds a tv and a desk
Three white computers sitting on a desktop surface.
A cell phone, laptop, tablet, mouse and adapter lying on a black surface.
A home desk set up with telephone, two monitors, laptop and sound
A cluttered desk with various electronics placed in front of a monitor.
A laptop sits next to a computer monitor on a desk. 
a work desk with papers a computer keyboard and mouse
an apple desk top sitting on top of a desk 
A person using their desktop to play a racing game.
A desk and entertainment area with multiple monitors, speakers, and consoles has many cords.
A man and a woman are sitting at a booth with their computers.
There is a Christmas tree in a living room.
a black and orange cat is resting on a keyboard and yellow back scratcher
Three computer screens sit atop a wooden desk.
A computer on a desk next to a window
very many computer monitors in a room not well arranged
Three ripe bananas in between a laptop and a cell phone. 
An orange kitten sleeping next to a wireless mouse.
A small computer keyboard, box and matching mouse
Two computers are shown together on a desk.
The large black cat sits next to the wireless computer mouse.
A picture of a home office with a desk and computer.
A computer mouse and keyboard and monitor. 

Profound question on a laptop computer on a messy desk
A cat laying next to a computer keyboard.
A desk with keyboard, Xbox controller and multiple glasses.
A desk with a desk top and laptop computer
there is a desk top and a lap top on this desk
The black, brown, and white cat is sleeping on a closed laptop.
a close up of a person sitting on a chair holding a nintendo wii remote 
A laptop computer on a desk with headphones and a mouse.
Various types of electronic equipment neatly laid out on a table.
A child plays a video game on a computer with a flat-screen monitor.
A hand on a computer mouse in front of a desktop computer 
Four men are standing in front of a table.
A woman sitting in a chair with a telephone headset on while using a laptop. 
The inside view of a very clean, smartly decorated living room.
A laptop computer and a computer monitor sit on a wooden table.
A cat taking a nap next to a laptop resting its head on the mouse.
Miscellaneous electronic computer devices and printer on desk. 
A room with a bed, dresser, desk, television and a very wide window.
A person working with a mouse and keyboard on a computer
A computer keyboard with two men sitting beyond.
A laptop right next to a small computer
A cat is on a dark surface with a computer mouse.
A computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
A stuffed animal bear with head phones at a desk.
A woman in a pink sweater at an office desk with computer and business paperwork.
A man is sitting on a chair with a laptop.
A close up of a cat next to a computer mouse
Several notebook computers are lying on a glass table in a room.
a desk filled with different computer equipment. 
an  image of a two large monitors in a computer center
there is a small lap top surrounded by other things
A desk with shortwave radio, computer system and papers. 
A cake with a laptop on it and a cup of coffee on it (cake decorations).
Office with three large cabinets, a desk and some chairs
Hooded man at a desk using a laptop computer.
A desk which has two computer screens and a laptop, as well as other gadgets. 
A group of computers sit on top of a desk.
a desk with computer stuff on it with a phone
A floor mat with a keyboard design in a classroom.
A home office with two monitors in front of a window.
A laptop computer, cell phone and speaker sit on a desktop.
a wooden desk with two keyboards speakers and a monitor
An old computer monitor on a night stand with the keyboard and mouse on the bed.
A view of a workspace with computer, electronics, a chair and television.
A monitor, keyboard and mouse on a desk. 
A cat laying on a computer keyboard tray near a monitor.
A person's desk with a computer and many books in a case behind it.
A group of men sitting around a table using computers.
A person is calling someone on his phone regarding information on his laptop.
A cat with large eyes and a muscular face looking on for a photo opp.
A hand that is on a mouse, next to a laptop.
A desk with one laptop and one computer on top of it.
A notebook computer is set up with an additional keyboard and monitor.
A cat is sitting on a desk in between a keyboard and a monitor. 
An animation plays in the background on the TV within the living room.
two computer displays sitting on a table with a music keyboard.
A computer monitor is attached to a wall near a keyboard and mouse on a desk.
A laptop computer is sitting on a corner desk.
A cluttered desk with open books and a CRT monitor.
A laptop computer next to a computer monitor and a pile of papers.
A laptop and a keyboard rest on stacks of books. 
there is a woman sitting at a table with a lap top
a person on a desk with a large stack of something
An office is filled with a desk, computer, printer, laptop, and chair.
A laptop, keyboard and a lamp on a table.
Lunch sack containing quesadillas and a boiled eff.
A corner desk with computers on it and a guitar beside it.
An elaborate computer setup containing two computers and a speaker system.
A person reading a paper and looking at a laptop computer
A man sitting at a desk looking at an open laptop.
The computer is sitting on a desk with a lot of cartoon figures. 
a wooden desk with a black and silver computer 
A work desk with computers and drinks on it
An old computer with a floppy disk drive is on display.
A monitor sitting next to a keyboard, headphones and another monitor.
A wii remote standing upright near a mouse and a cellphone.
The young man is eating pizza as he uses the computer.
An organizer and desk in an home office.
A computer sitting on top of a desk.
A couple of monitors sitting on a desk, with a shelf behind it.
A grey laptop on white desk next to mouse.
Two computer mice near one another on a desk
An apple laptop with pens, headphones, books and various small items.
two monitors three laptops a keyboard and a desk
Stylish computer desk with color bars on the display.
there's a laptop, glasses, a pen, notebook, and a booklet
A laptop and accessories on a blue bed.
An office desk with a computer turned on and a telephone and papers.
Two boys laying on the floor in front of laptops 
A desk that holds a clock, computer, books, lamp and knickknacks. 
A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
The computer desk has two monitors and large headphones on it.
Three students at computers in a small room.
a desk a keyboard two monitors papers books and a cup
Large crowd observing computer monitors with walls and floor
A keyboard equipped with a gel wrist wrest.
A little kitten sitting on a warm laptop computer.
A laptop computer is on a table outside with an umbrella above it. 
A computer keyboard and mouse with wires about connected to an electronic device.
Old style computer with keyboard and mouse sitting on rug. 
A computer keyboard, mouse, and a animal's tail which could belong to a cat.
A computer sits on a desk next to other items.
A computer desk, with a laptop on a stand, a keyboard, and a mouse.
A brown surface holds a computer mouse, a laptop, a key board and a bottle of water.
There is no image here to provide a caption for.
A cup of coffee in the middle of a desk.
A young male child with headphones on is playing on the computer.
There are electronics sitting on top of a desk.
A laptop is glowing brightly on the desk.
a white black and brown cat a laptop and some pens and pencils
A cat sits in front of an iMac desktop computer
A dog lying beneath a desk that has a laptop and mouse.
There are three monitors and one laptop out on the desk.
A busy office desk holds a laptop computer and a desktop computer.
A woman uses computer equipment inside a yellow case.
An Apple laptop computer sitting on a desk.
A home computer and some books on a desk.
Two wires have a lot of wires coming from them.
A keyboard is shown on an orange surface.
A spotless computer desk which waits for its owner to return.
Two long hotdogs on a plate covered in toppings
Shelves are stacked with dvd's by a computer desk.
A fat cat resting on top of a laptop computer.
There are three different computer screens showing the same thing.
a computer is sitting on a white desk
A desk area with two laptops and chairs.
THIS IS A PHOTO OF SOMEONES PERSONAL WORK SPACE
Laptop computer with a mouse and several coffee cups nearby. 
A cake depicts a laptop, mouse, and latte.
A desk that has three computers on top of it.
a table top with some computers on top of it 
An office area that has a computer and printer.
A keyboard and a mouse on a purple mousepad.
A close up photo of a mouse and a keyboard.
Several people sitting at a table looking at laptops.
Three computers networked together in a work station.
A brown and white dog sits on a chest while a black and white cat sits on the floor nearby.
Orange cat sleeping on top of a remote.
A number of women sitting at a table with computers.
A little baby playing with a mouse and keyboard.
A small room with a chair, desk, and computers on the desk.
A man holds up an x-ray and looks at the camera.
Room with a couch, keyboard next to the double doors, and a computer chair in front of a table with a computer on it.
A man using a laptop computer while wearing a beanie.
A lamp is on by a laptop on a desk
Two cats seem quite cozy sleeping on a laptop.
A WOOD COMPUTER DESK AND A BLACK KEYBOARD 
A living room with a black couch, desks and a beige carpet. 
A computer desk with multiple monitors left on.
A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.
There is an assortment of objects spread out on the floor.
A laptop is sitting on the same table as three computer monitors.
A room contains three computer screens and many colorful posters.
A home office with two computers and a bookcase
A desk with keyboard, mouse, computer monitor and lamp.
A desk with various papers and folders on it next to a poster of a cat.
A close up of a white mouse on a white table is seen.
An office with a desk and a clock mounted on the wall above it.
A laptop on a desk with several decorations on it.
A computer mouse, keyboard and various office items on a desk.
A computer's boot up screen is displayed on a large TV.
A grey laptop has a corded mouse connected through its usb port.
A room with a television and a desk with a computer.
A man on a Macintosh holding a plate of dinner.
A man is looking at the screen with two computers.
a laptop computer a keyboard with a screen a mouse and home phone
A full beautiful view of a computer screen in a room. 
A desktop computers sitting on a desk next to a laptop.
A round table with several lap tops on it
A laptop computer sitting on top of a red desk next to a mouse.
An unorganized desk with alcohol, a laptop, computer and a phone.
A desk with two computers and other work materials.
Desk, books and computer on desk in a room.
there is a desk with two computers by the window
Man sitting at modern desk performing official business in room.
A cat standing on top of a wooden table next to a computer monitor.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
Two desktop computers and a laptop are sitting on a desk.
A display of different angles of a keyboard and a wireless mouse.
There is a desktop computer on a desk and many photos and a deer head on the wall. 
A computer set up on a desk with three additional monitors
there is an adult black cat in the cat bed
A cat sleeping on a computer keyboard. 
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk next to a keyboard.
A cluttered desk holds two laptops and a desktop. 
A home office has a desk and a laptop.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
Someones hand on their mouse beside a cup. 
A couch and a television in a room.
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
A computer desk in a room with a chair and other accessories. 
The desk is near the bed in the room.
A door is wide open and pouring sunlight into a living room.
Guy sitting at desk working on his laptop.
The man sits at the library table in front of the laptop.
A man and woman work on their computers.
Small desk with electronic equipment in office type room.
A cat walking on a desk next to a computer. 
Two lap tops set up on a desk in front of a decorated wall.
A laptop is sitting beside a desktop computer on a small desk.
A computer on a desk in a room.
A person holding on to a black remote
Three mice and a tablet are on a desk. 
A desk with a keyboard, monitor, and laptop sitting on it. 
A computer chair sitting in front of an office desk.
A neat and tidy bedroom with work desk
A group of men holding musical instruments on a stage.
an image of boy on a laptop with messy room
A neat desk has folders and a computer.
There is a keyboard, mouse, monitor, speaker, and phone on the desk.
Laptop and mouse on table in a cafe.
Black-and-white cat walking over top of a laptop. 
A small office with a desktop computer and a laptop.
A man who is wearing a tie and sitting at a desk.
Bright yellow walls in a living room add a blast of warm color.
an older woman is using a laptop at a library.
a plate that has some sandwiches on it
A desk area shows a laptop computer, a monitor, a fan and a computer mouse.
A woman sitting at a desk in a room with a laptop, monitor, and microphone.
the laptop and other computer equipment are on the table of the dimmed room.
A desk that includes a planner, pen and paper, phone, calculator, mouse and keyboard.
Computers and televisions sit in a row on an office desk.
A grey computer mouse and a silver metal key.
A banana and strawberry on the keyboard of a laptop. 
a desk with four monitors a keyboard and one laptop
A cat watches a video playing on a computer monitor.
A monitor, keyboard, mouse and speakers on a desk.
The keyboard and monitor is on the table with a lot of cords.
a table with a laptop and remote controls
a white computer mouse in front of a keyboard
A display of a remote and technology product on a monitor.
A black and white cat standing on keyboard next to a computer monitor.
A desktop with dual monitors and other office equipment.
Two laptop computers sitting next to one another on a table.
There is a computer on the work desk.
A computer that has two keyboards attached to it.
a large office filled with computer items and papers
A computer and keyboard sitting on a desk with other accessories. 
A desk that is cluttered and has two laptop screens.
An orange and white cat sits on a laptop keyboard.
Tidy young adult male's desk and computer area.
A computer that has a screen shot of the part of the desk that wouldl be missing
A desktop computer is sitting on a wooden desk.
A room filled with furniture and a bed next to a desk.
A cat is laying on top of a closed lap top that is sitting on the table.
A round illuminated ball next to a laptop on a desk.
There is a bike and furniture in the different rooms .
A cat sitting on a desk next to a laptop, computer and a chair.
A keyboard sits on a table over a red radiator.
A cat next to a computer looking at a mouse.

A dog sits under a desk with a computer on it.
A desk with two laptops, two computers, headphones and a cell phone. 
a laptop on a wooden table with chairs near by
Large oak desk with laptop, keyboard, and pictures on shelves.
The matching keyboard and computer mouse are on the table.
A small desk set up with a variety of electronics

Three computers are sitting on an already crowded desk.
A group of people sitting at different tables.
A home desk which has a computer, a laptop and a lamp.
An Apple computer with a mouse and a keyboard. 
A group of colleagues working on computers around a table. 
A cup of coffee sits next to a keyboard and mouse.
A django sitting on a desk next to a mouse and keyboard.
A small chair sitting at a desk with a computer on it.
Two ladies are sitting on their laptops at the table and one of them is on their phone. 
A cat sleeping on a wooden floor surrounded by clutter.
An image of a computer monitor with a keyboard on it.
Sailors in a control center talk on a radio.
One small laptop and one larger laptop on a table.
A computer desk with a keyboard next to a computer mouse.
A camera, with a high powered lens, sitting on a table in front of a computer.
A keyboard, mouse, software, and papers on a wood table.
A living room with a desktop computer setup on a table. 
A picture of a man on a video screen with keyboard, mouse and a digital gage that reads 209 in front.
A wireless mouse is connected to the keyboard for a full charge.
Someone who is holding a device that hooks up to a computer.
A computer desk with a flat screen monitor and lots of stuff.
A laptop computer, a computer screen and a mouse
A laptop and a computer screen on top of a table.
A dek with a laptop, a mouse, some notes, and a drink.
A man is holding a computer keyboard and mouse.
A computer desk has three computers on it.
A group of people sitting in front of a computer talking.
A laptop on a desk with a mouse, book, CD and pens.
Computer equipment on a white table including monitor, mouse and headphones.
A desktop and laptop computer are seen next to each other.
A printer is surrounded by computer keyboards, cords, and other equipment.  
A man in an office holding a box of doughnuts.
the cat is standing on the desk beside the computer
A dog sitting on the floor near two wooden chairs sitting at a wooden desk.
Laptop picture of three men in suits talking to each other. 
There is a counter top filled with computers.
A man with headphones sitting at a desk looking at a computer.
a couple of monitors are on a wood desk
A boy is sitting at a desk using a computer.
A home office with three laptops and a desktop with speakers.
Multiple computers set up on a desk in an office.
A woman sitting at a chair by a computer on her desk
A clean office holds a desk, computer, telephone and office chair.
A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer.
A dorm room has christmas lights around its window.
A workspace with a laptop computer and desktop computer.
Computer screen with the keyboard and printer sitting next to it. 
A mouse pad, mouse on top of the table next to the window
A cat is sitting in the chair of a computer desk.
A man sitting on a chair in front of a computer. 
a small boy with a laptop and a mouse and brown desk
A cat stands near a box of pizza on the floor. 
this is a desk with balloons on it
A man in a store holds his phone up.
A puppy walking on top of a desk near a computer.
A cat is asleep next to a laptop.
A desk with two laptops, a computer monitor and a telephone.
a small toy bear is sitting on a cake
A desk with a computer, telephone and speakers on it. 
The two laptops are on a wooden table near mouse pads.
The computer monitor on the desk has speakers on each side of it.
Desk with open laptop on it that has mouse and headphones attached
Someone drawling in a big open building sitting in a chair.
a brown and white dog is standing on a white chair
A wooden table topped with a laptop computer and TV.
A row of various writing utensils in front of a keyboard.
A room filled with computers and laptops on a desk.
A desk with a computer on it in front of a window 
A fake computer and keyboard made out of paper.
A desk has a keyboard, mouse, and two monitors on it.
A black cat watching a laptop and a desktop at the same time.
A man is working on a laptop computer at a desk.
Laptops are open to different web pages in a computer lab.
some people sitting around a laptop and looking at what is on the screen
A computer desk with both a laptop and a desktop computer. 
A laptop is illuminated in a dark room.
A person playing a wii video game in a room
A work desk with a laptop covered with pictures, books, and files. 
A studio apartment with bed, tv, and desk
A couple of laptops on a long table
A kitten crawling on the keyboard of a desktop computer.
A laptop and a home computer on a desk.
two female hands and a black laptop and a camera and controller
a close up of two keyboards and two computer mouses
A computer on a desk with boxes of components.
A long green sofa in a room with wood flooring.
The computer desk has many office electronics on it.
A laptop on top of a table in a room.
A pile of wires and computer keyboards with computer mice.
Two computer screens glow on the desk in a dark office.
A long desk holding a computer and a musical keyboard.
A small laptop computer sitting on a wooden table.
A laptop and a computer monitor on a desk
An desk with a chair, a computer, a fishbowl and other items stand in an office. 
a desk with a monitor keyboard and laptop
A cake with people decorations sitting on a table.
Desk with two computers and two different chairs.
A person with a pieces of food net to a computer. 
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
The computer is on the wooden desk with power on.
A desk with a computer and very large speakers.
An untidy desk with a laptop computer, printer, and various related items and papers.
a computer a keyboard a mouse and a monitor
bare desk with computer and mouse on top, with headphone hanging from the wall, with an overhead light.
A closeup of a mouse near a cup of coffee
A cat is lying on the desk and looking at the camera adorably. 
A laptop computer sitting upon a table near a bright lamp.
A woman taking a phone call at her desk.
Two computers with mouses are shown on a table.
a desk that has some computers on it
A tabby cat on a carpet playing with a toy.
A desk with a laptop, rotary phone and clock.
a laptop computer open with a cell phone and camera sitting on it
A personal computer and a laptop are sitting on a desk with a few books.
Men and women sitting down in a computer lab . 
An open lap top computer on a wooden corner desk.
A cat looking at a computer mouse on the floor.
A workstation complete with anything one might need.
a room with a mirror and a desk with a monitor
There is a mouse and a cup that is on the desk
a desk with a laptop and a monitor 
A room lighted with purple light and home lighting effects.
Two young ladies work on laptops on a white counter top.
A gentleman who is pointing to the green stuff on his keyboard.
a table that has a couple of computers on it
A chair in front of a laptop on top of a desk.
Two notebook computers sit on top of a table.
Two people playing wii in a living room. 
A group of four pictures showing a girl's room decorated pink.
A person is typing on a computer keyboard.
A desk with two laptops on it and both turned on.
a white keyboard sitting next to a white computer mouse on a mouse pad.
A wooden floor with laptop, cellphone and a messenger bag.
A man sits at a computer desk by a window with power line decals on the wall.
An open laptop computer sitting on a  desk next to a mouse.
A stuffed polar bear posed to be looking at a real polar bear on a computer.
A laptop computer sitting on a table next to a plant and air conditioner.
A classroom with laptop computers, a projection screen and a basket of cookies.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A clock displayed on the wall above a table with a laptop on it
A small desk with a laptop displaying the logo for Flickr.com
A long desk has two computers on it.
A work cubical with a work station cluttered with miscellaneous clutter and a computer.
A cat laying in front of a computer next to a mouse.
The computer desk is arranged neatly with electronics.
A woman and her son using an old iMac computer
A desktop computer keyboard next to a mouse.
A man with sitting at a desk with a laptop and mouse.
A bedroom has a computer desk, and a cat sleeping on the bed.
Computer mouse near keyboard on white surface area.
The man is putting his feet up on the desk.
The computer has a screensaver of plants outside the window.
A desk with two laptops and one desktop.
Two women pack up boxes of different donuts.
A view of a desktop with a laptop and normal keyboard and mouse on it. 
A man plays a Nintendo Wii video game. 
A COMPUTER LAB WITH COMPUTERS IN IT 
A boy poses for a picture while sitting in front of a laptop.
A young man and woman sitting at a computer.
There is a laptop and it is hooked up to two monitors.
The papers lie haphazardly beside the small laptop.
Two computers and a digital camera are on a desk.
A yellow and gray and yellow Cockatoo standing on a glass of water.
A small work area with a desk and shelves and a computer.
An office with binders on a book shelf.
A desk and chair with two computer monitors on the desk.
A woman wearing sunglasses sitting at a desk looking at her laptop
A MOUSE KEPT JUST BESIDES A CAT'S TAIL.
The program is open on the desktop and ready to be used

A cluttered room with bookshelves and desk crowded with computers. 
A cat laying on a keyboard in front of two monitors.
A group of people sitting in front of laptop computers working.
Two monitors sitting on a desk by a chair and a window.
A home office with a desktop computer and a laptop computer.
A computer keyboard sitting next to a speaker.
a group of people sitting on a couch around a table
A computer on a desk with many wires.
A desk with a cellphone, keyboard and two computer monitors.
A laptop is surrounded by items in a Chinese cooking adventure.
White desktop computer sitting in front of a red chair. 
A woman sitting next to a birthday cake with a lot of candles
Computer keyboards on a table with a mouse.
Electronic equipment including a keyboard on a desk.
a keyboard, mouse and monitor on a brown desk
A brown cat next to a desktop computer with keyboard and mouse
A laptop is sitting on a desk with the screen flipped open. 
A laptop sitting on a table with pictures and drinks sitting around it.
A lap top is on a desk with a bunch of soda cans.
a woman and her cat sit at her computer desk
The desk in the office has a lot of paperwork on it. 
A mouse, keyboard and an ipod on the table
Computers monitors and keyboards on tables in a computer lab.
A keyboard and a mouse sitting on a table.
A desk with a laptop and two computer monitors.
Three computers, equipment and papers on a table.
a desk with a computer sitting on top of it 
The monitor and shelves are big enough for all the workers to use.
A computer keyboard and mouse on a table.
Three screens with Johnny Depp in image with white wall
A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
An open laptop is on the counter with other various objects, including a couple of keyboards and a mouse.
An illuminated mouse is sitting on a desktop.
Desk workspace with modern monitor and two keyboards.
A computer displays the "blue screen of death" or fatal error often associated with windows.
Fisheye photograph of a room with a bicycle and desk.
This photo depicts a Wii controller standing up.
A desk with multiple computers on it in a room. 
A cat sitting on a desk and keyboard with his back towards us
A laptop on a bed in a room.
A man sitting at a conference table in front of a logo on a wall.
There are boxes of donuts on the tables.
A person's glasses, headphones and the computer mouse sitting on a laptop.
A boy is posing by a book and a laptop.
a desk with a monitor and a keyboard
A wooden table with a laptop computer and a mouse.
A desk is organized with figurines beside the speaker.
The computer screen has a wikipedia page showing. 
A man is speaking with a lady who is seated near another man in front of a laptop.
A laptop computer with an external monitor on a very neat desk.
There is a computer set up on a book shelf
A cat sits next to a plate that sits in front of a computer screen.
A computer sits on a desk with two chairs.
A lava lamp sitting next to a monitor with a similar design.
Desk area with laptop computer, external keyboard and iPod
a cat that is standing on a red chair
Three computer monitors on a bench two powered on.
a desk with more than one computer on it 
A man sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A small cockateil pecks around a computer keyboard.
The computer desk with the large monitor has a laptop next to it.
A person sitting in front of a computer in a cubicle.
A very neat corner office with a desktop and a laptop computer, plus all sorts of nifty office equipment. 
a wooden table a phone and two laptops and a mouse
An opened laptop sitting on a kitchen counter.
A workstation with a computer, notebook, and papers.
A television monitor is shown in an office area.
A notepad that is sitting in front of a few computers.
a cup with coffee sitting by a keyboard
Close up of a hand on a computer mouse beside a tricolored cat lying down.
A desk with two computers and two keyboards
A room with several televisions inside showing sports
A laptop connected to an Apple computer monitor.
A white keyboard and mouse near a laptop on a desk.
A desk is full of two laptops and a desktop computer.
Some food that is sitting by a computer.
An Apple computer on a cluttered desk with a PSP.
A computer monitor, keyboard, phone and various papers sit on a desk.
A cat sitting on the keyboard of a computer 
A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a desktop monitor.
A desk with two computer monitors is seen in a bedroom.
A picture of laptop with a reflection of a stereo on the screen.
A bed with a very colorful quilt on it.
A home computer and keyboard on a desk.
A laptop computer on a desk cluttered with peripheral wires.
A desk with a laptop, cell phone and assorted office material.
A laptop sitting on  a tray on a tiled floor.
A can sitting in a window and in front of an air conditioner.
A person is sitting at a desk using a laptop.
A series of photos showing a person holding a computer mouse in their right hand.
A man in an office chair looking at a laptop next to a glass of wine.
A picture of a dorm room with a bed.
black Alienware keyboard sitting on a desk next to a mouse. 
A computer and laptop with two different systems set up on them.
A computer mouse is sitting next to a book.
Two men at separate tables using laptop computers.
A wooden desk covered in laptop computers and monitors.
A laptop that is sitting on a desk.
An office cubicle with a laptop and desktop on a desk 
A black cat laying down next  to a computer keyboard. 
A man is sitting next to a computer system with two monitors, keyboard, and mouse and a desk that has many figurines and dolls atop of it
a room with a table with a laptop and a chair
A monitor, keyboard, mouse, and laptop are sitting on a desk in front of a window.
a white laptop is sitting on the grass outside
A computer monitor, keyboard and mouse on a desk.
A calico cat laying on a glass plate near a computer mouse.
SMALL SPEAKER STRAPPED TO A CHAIR, WITH A CHARGER ON IT.
A picture of a family room with a computer set up at a breakfast counter.
An orange and white kitten laying on a black computer keyboard.
A desk with a keyboard, computer monitor and phone.
A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.
On a table a computer,a laptop,papers,books,some eatables in a tray and other things are kept.
A Siamese cat staring at a laptop computer screen.
A room with two computers and a television perched on a file cabinet.
woman holding a cell phone and smiling beside keyboard
A laptop is kept on the table.A person is sitting on other table.
An orange and white cat laying on a laptop
Wooden table with electronic computer equipment and large rat.
A man in a black tank top sits at a desk with a laptop.
A camera is sitting on a computer desk next to the mouse pad.
A cat sits beside a USB mouse laying on a table.
A woman is working at her computer at her desk.
A person that is on a computer on a desk.
There are two monitors sitting on the desk.
A snapshot of a family at a store taking a picture together.
A purse and the contents it would have laid out
Two men in a room holding wii remotes.
A laptop computer with a mouse and cell phone is on a metal desk. 
A man uses a computer while standing up. 
A desk with shelves and a laptop and a desktop computer.
An Apple mouse rests near a foreign Apple keyboard. 
Close up of a blue rubber computer keyboard
Guy working on a laptop inside of a library.
A flip calender is next to the computer monitor and keyboard.
Many objects, including two parts and a keyboard are on the desk. 
Two males with laptops working at a table.
a white cat is sitting on a laptops keyboard
A man sitting at his desk looking at a computer .
A frog of some sort near a computer monitor of some sort.
A desk with a computer, keyboard and monitor.
A computer mouse and a keyboard on a desk.
This photo displays a messy desk that has two laptops on it among many other things.
An iPhone, remote control and a video game controller.
A white cat is taking a nap on a mouse.
a male in a uniform a laptop and a poster and phone
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
He must need two computers for his job.
Two computer monitors are sitting on a desk.
A man sitting at a desk with a green and white laptop on his lap.
A group of people working on lap top computers.
Two computers on desk with images on screen
A computer workstation with dual monitors and a slide-out key board tray.  
A person is wearing a silly hat by a table with a cake.
Two students use laptop computers sitting at a desk.
A group of desktop computers sitting on top of a desk.
Laptop sitting on a small table in front of a bed. 
a white Apple mouse in front of an Apple laptop
There is a panoramic view of many computers and lap tops on a desk
A desk has many photographs and other items on it.
A desk with a laptop phone and red bag on it
There is a cleared space on a desk while a computer occupies the other side.
A table with a monitor, keyboard and speakers on it. 
this is a desk with a computer on it
a man sitting at a desk while using a laptop 
A cat is sitting on the keyboard of a laptop.
A computer monitor and keyboard sit on a desk.
A computer desk topped with monitors and a laptop computer.
The computer desk has two laptops near the monitor.
Small office work area with a desk, computers, and other office supplies. 
A cat sleeps next to a keyboard and mouse.
The young cat is sitting directly on top of the laptop keyboard.
A view of a bedpost, desk, two windows, and a computer.
The computer is turned off and the desk is clean and organized. 
a desk with a laptop and a mouse 
A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.
a cat laying on a desk with its paw on the computer mouse
A spliced picture of a couple of electronics.
a huge monitor sits on a desk with a bunch of papers
A dark room is lit up with a small desk lamp positioned over a laptop computer.
The man sits cross legged while typing on a laptop.
A man holds a laptop that has a message about Barack Obama written on its screen. 
a living room with a desk and a laptop 
A workstation with a bunch of clutter and computers on it.
Messy computer desk with sketch pad being used for mouse pad
a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse sit on a table.
a laptop a phone a lamp a fan and a monitor
A television and a laptop computer in a room.
A cubicle desk outfitted with telephone, computer monitor, and personal items.
A backup external hard drive connected to a laptop computer.
A CD all scratched up sitting next to a keyboard.
A variety of items that have been placed on a table.
A laptop and computer monitor sit adjacent to one another on a desk top.
An aerodynamic shaped computer mouse with a flash reflection in it.
A person in front of a laptop with elbows on the desk.
There is a room with various items in the picture.
Two flat computer keyboards laying on a table
A fat, fluffy blue-eyed cat resting on a table.
A desktop computer monitor sitting next to a keyboard.
A cat sitting at a desk looking at a laptop with a picture of a cat on the screen.
some people are sitting on a chair that looks like a book
A laptop and a mouse sitting across from a couch. 
A sitting room with a window, leather couches, computer desk, and dining table.
A white cat sitting on top of an open laptop computer
A keyboard, mouse, and computer monitor on a desk.
A large kitchen filled with appliances and lots of cabinets.
A laptop and computer monitor sitting on a desk.
A computer desk with an old pc and lots of clutter.
a table with a screen on it and a mouse
THERE IS A DESK TOP ON THE DESK 
A black cat sits on a desk next to a laptop.
Dimly lit room with a lap top computer on a wooden desk with headphones, cell phone and assorted paper and books.
An animal has its paws atop an electronic device.
A computer sits on a desk next to some shelves. 
Large computer monitor sitting next to a laptop display. 
a desk with two laptops a keyboard and a monitor
A keyboard sitting on a table with a computer mouse.
A black cat sits next to a person at a computer desk.
All four of those pictures contains a keyboard.
A computer keyboard and mug of tea on a desk
A pair of people with laptops sit at a table.
Several electronic gadgets lay on a wooden surface.
A cat sits on a computer desk with two monitors and a laptop.
Computer desk with a lamp light and lava lamp.
A young boy is using a laptop computer
A desk sitting in a living room with a laptop on top of a desk.
A desk of computers and a microphone and mouse.
Fairly Untidy room of a college/university student 
a plate with a knife two tomatoes and a yellow laptop
The baby is sitting at his mother/father's desk touching some of the technological equipment.
a dining room table with a laptop and scattered papers sitting on it
a desk with a laptop and two monitors
The phones and other electronic devices beneath table with keyboard and mouse.
Desk in an apartment surrounded by anime memorabilia.
A cat laying on a desk with its heat resting on a keyboard.
There are doctors performing an operation with instruments
Many packages of bread have been placed on the small kitchen counter.
A laptop sitting on a table overlooking a lake.
A striped cat lying on a laptop computer atop a wooden desk with a computer mouse and a skull, with a window behind and a wire trash can below.
The computer is being taken apart on a desk.
An un-occupied living room with a book shelve filled with many books.
A table with a mouse, laptop and speaker phone.
A laptop, camera, bag, hand held video gaming device and other items sitting on a couch.
A pile of papers clips sitting on top of a desk.
Laptop and monitor displayed on white desk in small area.
A desk holding a computer, keyboard, scanner and printer.
A close up of the edge of a table looking at a keyboard and a mouse.
The remainders of a cut cake sits on a table.
A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
An office shows a desk with opened drawers and a lit computer screen.
A person uses a laptop while lying down.
A vase filled with red and white flowers.
A banana and several office supplies are strewn about
an  image of laptop and other electronics
a computer with a big monitor next to a laptop 
A row of computers sit on top of the desks.
The laptop has an attractive image on the screen, and there are welcoming flowers and munchies
A computer desk sits in the corner next to a dresser.
A desk lamp shines brightly on a computer, mouse and keyboard.
This is a picture of a black furry cat on a laptop.
A desk with a desktop computer with two keyboards and two mouses.
A long work table being used by two business people
Three computers sit next to each other on a table. 
Cat lying next to keyboard and computer mouse on desk.
a desk with a monitor and books on it
The living room of an apartment with a tile floor
A desk with two monitors, a keyboard, a mouse, and a binder. 
An office work station with a window view.
A laptop computer sits next to a desktop computer.
A person is sitting on a coach looking up as they pull their laptop closer to them.
The small room has a desk along one wall
A computer mouse is placed next to a computer keyboard. 
A desk with a computer monitor and keyboard, and set of audio speakers behind the monitor.
a black and white cat laying down while playing with a computer mouse
A computer, lamp, and books sit on a desk.
A desk with two monitors, a keyboard and keys on it.
Two young woman play on laptops in a living area.
A teddy bear is looking at fishes on the computer monitor
A man using his computers with onlookers watching.
A essy computer room with a fish picture.
There are a few computers left on, on the desk.
A man holding tie devices in his hands while he looks at his laptop.
The interior of a hotel room with a laptop on a countertop. 
A man in blue shirt standing by a computer with a monitor on wall.
Car basking in sun sitting in front of a stack of books.
There are many different laptop computers around the table.
Laptop computer in room full of electronic equipment.
Two computers that were left running sitting on a big table.
there is a desk with a computer on it
A computer keyboard sitting next to a computer mouse.
A can of soda sitting on a desk next to a keyboard and a mouse.
a toy set of a bear sitting at a desk
A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A desk with a laptop computer and water bottles.
A desk with a Mac computer, a lamp, and other things on it.
Some kind of control room with a bunch of monitors.
A desk with three lap top computers on top.
A white mouse sits next to a white keyboard.
A man wearing a Chinese rob in front of a store display.
Video game controls, software and accessories on a table
A large flat screen TV sitting in a room next to a desk.
A computer and laptop side by side with programs open.
Two laptops sit on top of a computer desk.
A home studio is set up for music, video and web usage.
A man playing on a game system in his living room.
An open umbrella attached to a desk indoors. 
A cat sitting on a desk between the keyboard and monitor of a computer.
A small bedroom with a twin bed and a computer desk.
A person using a mouse while sitting in front of a computer.
a blue laptop is next to a small television screen
Pen and paper on desktop with computer equipment.
a dog wearing a shirt while playing with a laptop 
A woman wearing a blue curly wig talking on a phone.
people work on their computers while a supervisor watches.
A small desk has a computer monitor and other electronics.
A white stuffed bear sits next to a laptop.
A book with a picture of a map on it.
Person sitting down in front of a white computer looking at the screen. 
a little yellow toy next to a mouse and screen
A desk with computers and other  miscellaneous objects.
This is a man on a laptop and another man playing a guitar.
A girl is drinking coffee while typing on a keyboard.
The desk has a laptop and monitor screen with a keyboard.
Three people that are looking at a monitor on the left side of the photo. 
There is the job dude of a office with desk
A desk contianing a computer monitor, telephone, modem, CD drive, and a cat above a keyboard drawer containing a keyboard and a mouse which is above a tangle of wires and next to a bed.
Small refrigerator with laptop on top next to wooden desk.
There is a monitor, keyboard, mouse and laptop on the desk. 
A desktop computer, extra monitor, television, and laptop are arranged in a workstation.
A wireless keyboard and wireless mouse with a driver disk.
Desktop and laptop computers on tables in a room.
this is a black cat next to a screen
A laptop comuter with a pencil and paper in front of it and an amazon mouse.
A computer with several monitors is seen on this desk.
Three computer screens that are on a desk.
A black computer monitor on a wooden table.
Small office workspace with multiple computer monitors and office equipment. 
An office space with multiple computers ready to use. 
A child in a lap is playing on the computer.
A girl playing on the computer at a table
a desk with a keyboard and a mouse 
A Sony laptop has blue keys, a mouse and headphones.
A cat sitting on top of a desk and on a computer. 
A bottle of Guinness and a digital camera attached to a laptop
The computer desk with two keyboards has many electronics underneath it.
a table is littered with office matieras ike a lap top
A cat is walking on a desk with a computer monitor on it.
A desktop computer and a laptop on a desk.
A messy computer desk with a pull out shelf for mouse and keyboard
A man holding a baby is playing on a computer.
A desk with a computer and a laptop on it.
A laptop computers sitting on top of a white table.
A wooden keyboard and mouse against a white backdrop.
a cat and dog laying down together next to a computer mouse 
two kittens are sitting on papers on a desk
a car sitting on a desk next to a computer.
a cute little kitten sitting on a laptop keyboard 
Two computer monitors with one key board and mouse.
Electronic computer equipment displayed on small wooden surface.
A computer processor, monitor, keyboard and mouse on a table.
A laptop on a desk and a flag of the State of California.
a desk with a laptop and a keyboard and a mouse
An open laptop sits on a wood desk next to a cell phone and a glass of liquor.
A young child sitting next to a computer on the floor
one lady is on the computer one is digging through a backpack there's a  man on the phone and another man on a computer 
Workspace with a computer, office phone, books and files.
a dual screen computer on a desk in a room
A cat playing around on a computer desk near a TV and laptop. 
A woman reaches down to pick up a video game control.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk with a mouse.
There is a desk with a computer and printer on it
a desk with a desktop computer and a laptop computer
A white table topped with different electronics devices.
A USB retractable mouse sitting alone on a wood surface
A computer desk with a dvd shelf next to it.
A man smiles while standing next to a very large pizza.
Cluttered home work space with many electronics splayed.
a computer mouse next to a computer keyboard on a wooden table.
There are some computers set up on a bare wooden desk
Woman in red shirt working on a laptop and on her cellphone. 
A computer sits on a card table, outside near a lawn.
A new white keyboard and a mouse still in the box.
A man with a blanket and a cat is using a computer.
A counter with a laptop and mouse and other desk items 
A plate of food is sitting on a table.
The boy gives a "thumbs up" in front of the computer screen.
A tiny college dorm room with a single bed, computer desk, bookshelves, a microwave, and Japanese artwork.
A computer at a work-desk covered in paper.
Group of people watching TV on two screens.
A desk with a computer, scanner and a printer.
A computer lays on top of a dimly lit desk. 
two brown and white dogs and some people and a table
A personalized work space with a computer and bulletin board in a office. 
The computer on the desk was left on. 
A work station is set up with dual monitors and other electronics.
Full coffee cup sitting next to a computer keyboard and mouse. 
An office cubicle with a bunch of blue landscape photos
a computer sits in a recording studio at night
A couple of computer monitors in work space.
Two desktop computer monitors on top of a wooden desk.
A room containing a computer, lamps, chair, books, and a desk.
A living room with PlayStation controllers on the table.
A room is lit from three bright monitors on a desk.
Several laptops and computers on the floor of a dark room
A laptop computer sits on a table covered with little railroad tracks.
A desktop computer has two keyboards and two mice.
A view of a couple of laptops and a desktop sitting on a table.
A bedroom with a small wooden desk topped with an open laptop computer and a monitor.
A laptop sitting on a desk with someone touching the bottom of it.
the computer is on a wooden computer desk.
The back of a television that is sitting next to a desk and by a window.
Man working on a laptop at a wooden table.
This kitty knows where to sit to get attention.
A mouse and other office objects are on the desk.
A person is using one of the two laptops on the desk. 
there is a not book and a desk top on this table
A bunch of electronics and writing utensils displayed on a bedroom floor. 
a laptop sitting on a special rack on top of a desk
a laptop on a wooden table a mouse and windows
A little girl uses a child-sized laptop in her living room.
A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
Two computer screens are glowing in a dim room.
A dog sitting in a couch with his owner hand on him
The office space is clean and ready for the workers use
a desk with a keyboard a mouse and monitors
A lady at a table with a laptop computer talking on her telephone.
A keyboard, iPads and recording equipment on a desk.
A close up view of a sleek computer keyboard on a desk.
A banana sitting next to a desk top computer monitor.
A pile of black computer keyboards and mouse's.
a desk with two computer sitting on it .
White mouse sitting on a round pad next to a cup of coffee. 
Three computer keyboards and two computer mice stacked.
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
this is a desk with a few monitors on it
We are looking past a speaker at a monitor.
Laptop atop a table in a living room.
Two children using laptops on a coffee table
A person's hands use a mouse, and laptop keyboard.
A cat laying near a computer on a cluttered desk.
a table with a keyboard a wallet and a few other items
a laptop sitting open on a desk in front of other stuff
A desk with a torn chair, keyboard, monitor and mouse.
A desk next to a window with a laptop and a mouse.
A group of students in white lab coats being observed by two men in suits.
A man sitting at his desk with a hat on and a sticker on his shirt that says dork 
A laptop on a desk next to glasses. 
A large red ball sitting under a computer desk.
A desk top computer next to a keyboard and a guitar in a room.
A man is smiling in front of his desk with multiple computers.
a cat laying on a laptop on a bed
A laptop sits on a desk along with 2 monitors.
A keyboard and a guitar are near a computer.
A table that has a laptop computer on it.
A laptop sitting on a desk in a room.
There is a laptop and a computer on the desk.
A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
A brown dog sitting in front of a computer desk.
Two people eating icecream out of a box while using their laptop computers.
An usused laptop sits upon a clean desk.
The room has a large television set for us to watch. 
A woman is sitting and smiling at the camera.
A pizza with a slice missing next to a cup and a keyboard.
A woman resting her laptop on the cat on her lap
A woman sitting at a desk in a room.
A desk has a black chair near it and a monitor and laptop on it.
A computer set up with two monitors and ipods
A office cubicle workstation with a computer, chair, and other office supplies. 
A cat sitting on a desk between a keyboard and computer monitor.
A man sitting at a desk working on one laptop,while surrounded by other laptops and one full sized monitor.
A neat white kitchen with white cabinets is illuminated by overhead lighting.
Two guys sitting next to an old computer screen.
Two men are wearing headphones and playing a computer game.
A glass desk with a large computer monitor.
Three computer screens shine from the top of a desk.
A person sitting in a bed with a laptop before them
A home office area with many pictures on the wall
A mouse and keyboard sitting on a desk
a table that has a large computer on top of it
A small room decorated as a office with desk, chair and computer and windows for natural light.
A piece of paper sticking out of a keyboard.
A computer desk has papers and a computer on it
This desk has a one computer and two laptops on it.
A desk in a cubicle with office supplies on it.
A man sitting in front of a small flat screen tv.
A computer keyboard and a mouse sitting on a table
a home office with laptop, printer, scanner, and extra monitor
a table with a laptop and paperwork on top
An cluttered office desk with computers and electronics.
A group of people sitting at desk using computers.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A wooden desk that has a Apple desktop computer on it and a cellular phone on a mouse pad.
The keyboard and mouse are viewed from above, and a disc is sticking half way out of the disc drive, while another disc, in its sleeve, sits on the stand next to the mouse.
An umbrella, notebook, cell phone, and calculator laying on the floor. 
a group of random things stacked together on top of a book 
the desk is shaped to fit in a corner
A cat sitting next to a computer monitor on a desk.
A couch with clothes and items scattered allover
A close-up of a USB powered cup warmer next to a mouse.
A computer on a neat desk with peripherals and an air can.
There are two computers and papers on the table
Why would someone have a lap top sitting on a larger lap top?
fish eye lens photograph of a man in his office
A desk contains a computer monitor, keyboard and mouse.
Someone is studying at a table inside the library.
Three computers and a telephone on a desk.
A desktop computer is next to a monitor with the same image on both. 
A group eating dinner and talking in a home.
A woman assisting someone using a laptop computer.
A cat laying in front of a computer on a desk.
A laptop is kept open on the table along with mobile,notebook and pen.
An office filled with multiple computers and a laptop.
A man standing in a wine cellar with a glass of red wine in his hand
An empty blue bed sitting next to a small wooden table with an open laptop.
Desktop with various action figures and a computer monitor.
An orange cat sitting on a lap of a man.
a cat next to a teddy bear on a chair
an image of a laptop that is on top of a desk
A man using a laptop computer in front of an open fire
An office space with cubicle dividers and a red wall.
A laptop is sitting on a wood table
a man in headphones is on a laptop
A dining room table with laptop computer and a plat with bananas.
A computer desk illumined by a lamp at night.
A coffe table with a remote and a TV that is on.
A laptop computer that is on a table outside.
A large piece of green luggage sitting on the ground.
A HP stand setup, with two people at it.
Book lying open on desk with keyboard and mouse
A photo of an office filled with sticky notes.
An old keyboard with a mouse and a pair of headphones sitting on a desk. 
A cat sits on a person's lap in front of a messy desk.
A laptop computer is joined by a tangle of colored wires and a computer monitor.
There are two laptops on the desk plugged in. 
An open-concept office with laptops and console games arranged around a television and workers at desks.
A teen wearing a black jacket with fur holding a silver laptop.
A laptop sitting on a small black desk.
A cat spread out over a computer work area sleeping.
A laptop on a gray metal desk with a smartphone plugged into it.
White computer mouse near a keyboard in the dark.
A living room area with a red wall behind a television and black furniture.
A group of people sitting at a table on their laptops.
A computer that is on top of a table.
THIS IS A PHOTO OF A SITTING AREA WHERE SOMEONE HAS PLACED THERE LAPTOP
a couple of laptops sit on a desk 
A flat screen TV sitting on top of a wooden counter.
A young man taking notes while looking at a computer screen.
A desk with laptop, mug, paper and a monitor.
The laptop is connected to a full size keyboard to make an effective work station.
A couple of girls playing a game with remote controllers.
A laptop and a computer keyboard on a wooden desk.
a desk with a bag and a bunch of other things sitting on the floor 
A large living room with several items in it.
An old Apple computer with keyboard and a mouse.
A computer and other items are sitting on top of a desk.
The sign says London in front of the keyboard
A mixture of computer monitors, keyboards, motems, and remotes.
A desk with computers, monitors, keyboards and computer mice.
a black and white cat is sitting between a keyboard and a monitor
A desk contains a computer and many other things.
A table with a laptop, monitor, a mouse and figurines on it. 
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sit on a wooden desk. 
A stuffed penguin sits on an office desk beside a computer monitor.
An L-shaped desk covered in various computers and accessories. 
A mouse is pictured next to a computer keyboard.
A desk with laptops, a keyboard, a light and a monitor.
a brown desk phone light keyboard and monitor
A large flat screen television mounted on a red wall. 
A small laptop with a lighter in front of it.
A black handbag with items waiting to be packed.
Mouse connected to a laptop with a game of computer pool on the screen
A computer keyboard, mouse, and headset on a table.
A man holds up a new tablet computer
A computer is on the desk next to a backpack and some books.
A room with lamp, desk, and computer in it.
A desk with a laptop computer and office supplies.
A computer work station including desk, keyboard, and monitor
three computer on a desk with a mouse and keyboard
A computer desk has the objects on it labelled with text.
A plate on a desk has a partially eaten sandwich and some chips.
The computer mouse ends up being a very unusual color.
Two lap top and a computer monitor and keyboard and mouse is on top of a table.
Three computer monitors and a laptop are on a desk.
Several stuffed animals are next to computer monitors.
A home office with computer turned on and printer
A snail on the ground near pieces of a flower. 
A small white computer and keyboard on a desk.
A shot of an Apple machine placed on oak ground. 
A messy computer desk with lots of DVD's.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a bed.
A laptop and a keyboard on a couch with a paisley design. 
A man eating a piece of pizza while working on his computer.
 
Black laptop sitting next to a black keyboard on a desk. 
White fluffy dog sitting in computer chair in front of computer
Fisheye lens photograph of a living and study area 
A woman using a laptop with a mouse.
A cat is sitting in between a person's legs and a computer.
Four men of Middle Eastern descent are sitting in a computer lab and all are on a computer.
A desk with white computer equipment on it.
A computer is set on top a small dining table.
A long table hosts a computer and other electronic devices.
Cat standing on a dest with a keyboard, mouse and various books.
a desk with a monitor and a laptop on it. Underneath is a woman's purse 
Several laptop computers on a table with one guy using his.
A keyboard, some cables and an mini iPod
A closeup of a keyboard and a mouse.
A living room with a couch and coffee table.
This is a picture of a desk top with two computers on top of it
a group of bananas half of which are green
A laptop with a bunch of paperback books next to it.
Looking through the window of showroom at car dealership.
An old laptop computer sitting on a desk
there is a dell computer that is on top of a desk
A desk with two computers and mice sitting on top.
A DESK WITH A DESK TOP COMPUTER AND MOUSE WITH A CUP 
A very pretty living room with a computer.
An empty computer chair with a computer on the desk. 
A desk with a computer, a laptop, headphones and a telephone
A cat lying on a desk with computers 
A desk with a laptop and two monitors.
A cat that is sitting next to a laptop.
A cream colored living room with a cathedral ceiling.
A desktop computer with printer, tower, keyboard, speakers and mouse set up on a desk.
A white desk and chair in home office
A photograph of a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse.
An aluminum keyboard with a hand and a mouse in the background.
Two young ladies using a computer at a library or lounge.
A computer desk is covered with a binder, sunglasses, and other equipment.
A computer keyboard under a laptop keyboard in a darkened room
A laptop that is sitting on a table.
Young kitten near coffee mug looking at counter top.
Desk with several computer components including a monitor with data visible on the screen
Two identical twins sitting together with identical laptops.
A living room is shown with massive book shelves.
A picture with a keyboard, pen and other things, some shown larger with pictures on the side of the big picture.
A computer modem with a mouse in front of it.
A bunch of electronics are sitting on a table. 
A desk has three computers and lots of computer accessories on it.
Someone's desk has a computer, a keyboard, some pens, a journal, and a cell phone on it.
A keyboard and mouse on a table with a flower shaped mousepad.
computer desk with various  papers  and a computer
A medium sized dog is sitting next to a table.
A woman showing a little boy something on a lap top computer.
An office has computers and equipment on each desk.
Packed lunch of soup, sandwich, cheese, and olives.
A desk with a computer, office items, and CDs on it.
A computer desk with a keyboard and a monitor.
A computer, tablet and phone sits on a table next to a lamp.
a couple of computers are on a desk
An office setting with desks and computers in a messy area.
A full view of a working desk with computer screens. 
A view of a dual monitor with anime playing in the back.
A woman sitting at a  table with a slice of pizza.
A girls sits with a teddy bear in front of a painting. 
Computer peripherals including a mouse, a keyboard, and game controller.
People are looking at computer and one man has a camera.
A computer desk with a monitor and a laptop.
a computer monitor with a wallpaper of a white flower 
a living room with two laptops and a tv
The laptop is left on the desk in the room.
A group of people sitting at a table working on their laptops.
Three young men sit at a table using four laptops.
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
a close up of a keyboard a mouse and monitor
a bunch of people watching as two people play video games 
guys playing wii in an office building together
A jacket on a chair by some laptops.
A DESK TOP TABLE WITH TWO DIFFERENT LAPTOPS 
A computer desk with mugs, a desktop monitor and cards.
A laptop and a set of speakers stands on a table.
a desk with a keyboard next to a laptop 
a cat lays down on top of a laptop 
A computer screen is turned on at a desk.
A cellular phone being held by a hand.
A living room with a tv and a window.
A man using the toilet while on the computer
The contents of a bag are displayed on a table.
Multiple computers and electronics on a wooden desk.
Vase of roses and other flowers on a desk.
A computer and accessories are sitting on the ground
A girl is sitting on the floor of a library typing on a laptop.
An umbrella sitting on a desk.with a computer.
five monitors a keyboard mouse and a laptop
A child is on a black and red keyboard.
A computer desk with a desktop set up on it.
A table displaying a large lot of electronic equipment.
A striped plate is sitting next to a computer mouse.
There is a display of three different computers together.
The meeting of the minds brings together the best men and women and their technological skills.
THERE IS A LAPT OP AND A DESK AND A CHAIR
Two young men sitting down at a table with laptops.
A man in his living room takes a picture of himself.

A desktop computer sits upon a cluttered desk
This is a living room that has laptops and other electronic equipment in it.
a bedroom wiith a cluttered desk and a chair by the window 
A half-filled cup of coffee is beside a computer mouse.
Entertainment center made of wood with large television on it. 
a couple of guys sitting at tables working on lap tops
A picture of someone's office desk and computer.
Several cats fast asleep on a desk in front of computer monitors.
A white computer mouse sitting next to a keyboard.
A desk with a laptop and a keyboard and mouse.
A slightly organized desk with a computer sits in a corner.
A cat that is laying next to a computer mouse.
A desktop computer monitor with the Windows XP logo on it.
a monitor a keyboard and a mouse with fire damage
The computer is being operated by an infant.
A living room with three laptop computers on the floor and one laptop computer on the couch.
A desk with a laptop, monitor, keyboard and mouse.
There are a number of electronics on a desk.
A home office area with several computers and a printer.
a desk with lots of stuff on it including a monitor 
A white corner desk is shown in front of the blinds.
A glow in the dark computer keyboard and mouse pad.
Person's hand spooning from a big bowl of ice cream on desk with computer.
A computer monitor and other computer accessories are nicely organized on a desk.
Computer keyboard, a glass of water and a pack of cigarettes. 
A desk that has a laptop computer on it.
Various office items used to cut and staple paper.
A table with a laptop and a bottle on it. 
Two laptops are sitting on a coffee table in front of a desktop which sits on an entertainment center.
A persons' hands scrolling and clicking on their laptop computer.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
The computer desk has dual monitors on it.
A classroom full of children working on laptop computers.
A desk has two computers on it and a calculator.
A bedroom with a chair, computer desk, chair and computer. 
A laptop sitting on a table in a black and white photo.
A person using their cellphone. The time reads 13:04 on the clock.
Closeup of a keyboard, mouse, USB device and a coffe mug.
A MAN IS EATING PIZZA AT THE DESK NOW
A black and white cat sits on a man's lap.
A computer desk with three separate monitors on it.
a desk with a lot of paperwork and some computers and laptops on it
A young man using a laptop in front of a desk with a desk computer.
A modern desk has Apple products and a lamp.
A person types on their laptop on their bed.
A cluttered desk with two computers and stacked books.
A man sitting at a computer desk with two laptop computers.
The mouse is sitting next to the keyboard on the desk.
a glass table with computers and a laptop in use
A computer desk that has a monitor and a laptop on it.
A table with a keyboard a mouse and other items.
A work cubicle is filled with two computers and other computer accessories.
A room full of sailors cut into a cake with a sword.
A home computer and a laptop on a desk.
A laptop computer in a dark room being lit up from behind.
An inflatable penguin feels liking having an adult beverage.
Various Apple products are displayed with bags on a bed. 
A woman sitting in a chair holding up a mouse.
A desk with a laptop, computer, lamp, mouse and papers on it. 
A computer desk with two animals laying on a chair.
A large white bowl filled with ice cream is sitting by a laptop. 
A person sits in front of a desk with a keyboard tray and mouse.
A at sitting by a desk next to a laptop computer.
A group of people are in a large room filled with computers.
a computer that has a keyboard and a mouse
A small living room has a lot of furniture in it.
A computer mouse sits on top of the instruction manual.
A desk has a computer mouse and books on it.
a black cat sleeping on a laptop by a window
Computer monitor of old generation from the brand Apple
A cat crouched down staring at a computer mouse 
There are two people sitting down at a desk with a computer on it. 
A metal and glass computer desk by a window.
The computer desk also has two cell phones on it.
A row of computers and keyboards on a table.
A desk with a telephone, monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. 
a desk that has a lot of mess on it
The cat is walking on the desk in front of the computer.
A desktop computer in front of a chair with a leopard blanket.
A very big nice looking kitchen with many cabinets.
The computers are left on the desk in the room. 
a close up of an open computer next to a keyboard
A computer monitor sitting on top of a desk next to sound equipment.
A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.
A woman and two men looking at a laptop screen.
A shelf holding a laptop and speakers. 
A desk with a keyboard, mouse, coffee cup and speaker. 
A man with blonde hair in front of his computer.
a room with a laptop and a computer monitor with the laptop attached to strings
a desk with a laptop a mouse and a cup
Two computers, a phone, books, and paper on an office desk.
A cozy den is home to a computer work space and small bookshelf.
A cat is sitting on a laptop by a window.
Two computer monitors are the centerpiece of a cluttered office space.
Two laptop computer screens on a desk next to each other.
He is listening intently to the computer at school.
A man that is sitting at a laptop.
A banana peel opened up sitting on top of a cloth .
A white plate with a cake on top of it and one slice cut out.
Cat laying on top of someones arm while using the computer.
A table with many laptops on top of it.
A computer sits on a desk next to a can full of pens and pencils.
A closeup view of a mouse and keyboard connected to a desktop computer.
A computer, keyboard, and mouse sitting on a desk.
A very neat and orderly lookind one room studio apartment..
a laptop computer powered on and sittng on a desk 
A man smiles while working at his computer.
A computer sits on a computer desk with a poster above it.
an image of kitchen setting with island design
Computers and other electronics on top of a table.
A home office work station with a computer and printer on it.
A computer monitor features an aquarium background, and the CPU has a stuffed monkey on top of it.
A laptop taken apart and sitting on a desk next to some tools and a mouse.
a big kitchen with beige cabinets and dining table
A laptop computer is open next to lit lamp.
A desk that has many computers sitting on top of it.
A laptop and a device consisting of a watch and other gears.
A desk with a microphone laptop and keyboard.
a stuffed frog sitting on a keyboard holding a mouse
This kitty has found the coziest place in the house
There are four laptops open on the desk. 
An computer and monitor placed on desk next to a book shelf
A man is sitting at his computer with a parrot on his shoulder, and petting his cat.
A living room completely dominated by a large, black couch
a wooden desk with a keyboard a laptop and a monitor
A man in black shirt sitting next to a computer desk.
there are many computer monitors and things on this desk
There is a cat sitting on the desk next to the computer.
the tiny computer speakers are a technological advancement
A computer and an electronic tablet sitting on a desk.
Several computers turned on on an office desk.
A taco salad sits on white paper near a table with a lap top.
Two women are playing on laptops near a box of donuts. 
A hand on top of a metal cup with a computer in the background. 
A person sitting in front of a laptop with their hand on the mouse.
A desk contains a laptop, a keyboard, a phone, a picture of a baby, and various other office clutters.
A man sitting at a table on a laptop.
A messy room with computer equipment inside of it. 
a wood table with four computers and pen and paper
Laptop on a desk with windows overlooking buildings. 
a man that is sitting at a small laptop
Table with chairs and computer monitor with door open
a laptop is next to a reader on a desk
A man is working on a laptop next to other computers.
A desktop computer with a note attached to the screen.
An NEC notebook PC is open on a white office desk.
a desk with a computer and a tv inside of a room
A man sitting on a chair with a dog in his lap.
A boy sits on the ground and looks at a laptop. 
a desk with chair and a cabinet and lamp resting on a hard wood floor
A desktop computer and a laptop computer are sitting on a desk.
An office work space with two computers, and one keyboard.
a couple of computers are sitting on a desk
A desktop that has only a computer and keyboard on it.
A man sits on hit laptop and desktop behind a messy desk.
an office work space with keyboard, mouse and 2 monitors
A bottle of wine sits on a desk by a laptop.
An Apple computer keyboard with a mouse next to it.
Man with a sweater blouse playing the wii on a small television.
a desk with a laptop and an extra keyboard 
A laptop sitting on a desk near a lamp and plant.
A desk covered in both desktop computers and a laptop.
A cubicle has a desktop computer and a variety of decorations. 
A black laptop computer sits on a desk.
Monitor and computer sitting on a computer desk.
A room with a bed, some curtains, a shelf and a television.
A small bedroom with a bed, computer desk, chair and storage box.
There is a laptop computer next to a desktop computer.
A very big nice looking room with a nice TV.
a desk with two monitors a keyboard and a mouse
A laptop on a stand next to a keyboard, mouse and headphones.
Group of adults using laptop computers in living room.
A desk with a lap top and a computer and keyboard on top of it.
A wooden desk features a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard, and other electronics.
A dog thinks it is his turn to use the computer.
a funny sign resting on a laptop screen 
A person is sitting at a computer using a computer mouse.
Computer desk and twin bed with blue check bed spread in the corner.
A cat that is laying down on a laptop.
A room with a couple desks, chairs and computer equipment.
The desk has multiple computers set up. 
A real computer person does not sit at this clean desk.
A computer desk with a laptop computer on top of it.
The man sits at a computer desk with a musical keyboard on it.
A desk with three computer monitors side by side.
there are many people sitting in a class using lap tops
A black cats rests on a wooden desk.
A desk with a telephone, computer, laptop, a cell phone and a bottle on it. 
Two open laptops sitting on small fold out tables.
A empty office room with a large table and chairs and a television
a desk with a laptop and monitors with a keyboard
Two people working on a laptop in a computer lab.
A laptop computer and a mouse getting ready to be cleaned with a cleaning cloth.
Computer monitors on desk with keyboard and other electronic equipment.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
There is a small lap top with a key board in front of it
Three men sit at different sides of a table using laptops.
A woman brushes a child's hair while the toddler watches television.
A wooden desk with a computer and a lap top on top of it.
Laptop and two computer screens on a desk overlooking a snowy yard
this is a sesk with toys covering it
A computer monitor, mouse, keyboard and control board.
A smart phone connected to a laptop sitting on a table.
A laptop computer sitting on a desk not being used.
someone using a trash can as a seat for a desk 
A cat by a chair and table with a laptop.
a desk with a computer on it sits in front of a chair
Multiple iPods on a desk surrounded by computers. 
A desk that has five computers on it
A messy workspace equipped with two computers and everything else.
A man is sitting by a desk being interviewed by another man.
A messenger bag and other personal belongings on a grey sofa.
a cat laying in a room on some carpet 
A laptop and a keyboard on a desk.
a desk top computer sitting on a computer desk 
A very neat person lives in this room.
A hand over a mouse with various items on a carpet.
a stuffed teddy bear wearing a tee shirt sitting on a desk
A laptop sitting on an desk surrounded by toys.
a chair that is sitting in front of a laptop.
A variety of computer equipment on a desk.
A laptop on a desk beside several books, magazines and papers
A cat is sitting down on a small chair at a computer desk. 
a turned on  computer sitting on top of a desk
A desktop computer sitting next to a  laptop computer.
There is a laptop computer on a wooden desk.
Four men sit around a table with laptops.
A desk with a lap top and a desk top computers.
a living room with a  book shelf a tv and a laptop
A black computer on a wooden desk in a room
There are several telephones and two lap tops on the desk.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a set of three boxes.
A notebook computer is open next to a desktop computer.
a desk with a laptop, extra monitor and keyboard, and a darth vader mask 
A man smiling for the camera while typing on a laptop.
A wooden office desk with papers, computer and netbook
a camera and cords sitting on a bed with a green folder 
there are many newspapers and tissues on this desk
A computer desk with a keyboard, laptop and computer monitor.
A cat laying next to a keyboard on a desk.
Monitor, mouse and keyboard sitting on top of computer tower
A desk with a very bright computer screen on it.
a bunch of computers on a desk together. 
A computer desk with contains two computers 
Two turned on computers, sitting on a glass table.
A simple workspace for playing games on a laptop.
An abstract painting of various figures that look like computer mice.
Several laptops and monitors on a white table.
Messy bed with a laptop computer sitting on a table beside it. 
This tech wizard leaves all options open, equipping his computer area with both a laptop and desktop machine.
A laptop sitting on a table with a mouse beside of it.
work desk space with a laptop and office supplies.
A scratched up Apple mouse on top of a keyboard.
a man in glasses using a laptop keyboard
A desk that has a computer on it.
Nobody is working in the office right now.
A baby holding a phone over a wooden table.
a computer sits on a desk in front of a keyboard 
a table that has a bunch of books on it
A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.
flickr on the computer monitor on top of the desk.
The conference room has  many tables and chairs with monitors on the wall.
A computer screen on a desk in a room.
A cluttered office with a lot of electronic equipment.
Two men sitting at a table using laptop computers.
A desk with a computer monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. 
a laptop with a sign in screen for second life 
Some fruit and flowers sit above a desk with a laptop. 
This nice alcove allows a computer user to look outdoors.
A man sitting on a couch in front of an open laptop computer.
A computer keyboard sitting on top of a wooden desk.
two black chairs a desk drawers a computer and monitors
A monitor, subwoofer, and lava lamp sit on a desk.
Two laptops next to each other and well-connected.
The desk has two laptops, a monitor and keyboard. 
an image of a cat that is next to a mouse
White keyboard and mouse sitting next to a box. 
A desk with several computers sitting on top of it.
A couple of tables with Apple keyboards and mice sitting on them.
a desk that has all kinds of stuff on it
a black desktop computer and black speakers 
A computer is set up on a desk with a screen, a keyboard and a mouse.
A buff and white cat on a desk curls up with a computer mouse.
Two laptop computers side by side on a desk.
A fairly neat computer desk with a green office chair.
A computer monitor with a keyboard next to some beer bottles.
Black guitar, amp and foot pedals next to a desk and computer.
A bedroom with four pieces of artwork on the walls and a TV on a wooden desk.
A table topped with lots of laptop computers.
A vacant workspace with a desktop and laptop, and a paper notebook.
a desk with a keyboard mouse and monitor
A laptop on a coffee table in front of a tv. 
There are three monitors on the desk all of them are turned on. 
Two laptops sitting on a desk in front of a calendar.
A couple of men looking at a laptop computer.
A sandwich and lettuce that is on a plate.
An apple mouse sitting by a book and keyboard.
A tv stand with a television and a laptop.
A laptop is sitting on a desk piled with papers.
A small child is sitting under the computer desk
Man sitting on a train typing on his laptop.
A cat is lying on a desk next to a laptop and computer mouse
A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer on it.
A desk is set up with all sorts of computer equipment.
a laptop that is laying on a bed
A classroom is filled with students staring and surrounding a table full of open laptops.
a cluttered desk area with a monitor and keyboard
Two computers are left on in the dark.
A keyboard and two monitors sitting on a desk in front of a window.
A desk with a laptop and monitor are powered on as they sit on a desk.
two men standing and pointing devices at a tv set
Two computer mice on a mouse pad next to books. 
A laptop computer sitting on the edge of a desk.
Small white fluffy cat playing on a keyboard of a laptop computer.
two computer monitors each with a different colored pair of angel wings
THERE IS AHOME OFFICE WITH A CHAIR AND DESK TOP COMPUTER
A white plate with some healthy food on the side. 
She can barely hold the very large teddy bear in her lap.
Black computer keyboard, mouse and batteries on a blanket.
A monitor and keyboard, a bottle of soda, cup and telephone handset
A desk with a computer monitor, printer and cd rack.
On this desk a is notebook and pen, a laptop computer, a computer monitor, keyboard, mouse, and an iPhone on a charger. 
A desk that has a desk lamp on and the light casting down on a coffee mug that is next to a desktop computer.
A computer sits atop a computer desk with a coffee cup.
a computer monitor being help up with a piece of wood and a plastic box
a male in a green shirt sleeping and lots of different items
there are two lap tops on the table
A small modern desk beneath a flat screen tv,
COMPUTER WITH AN EXTRA MONITOR, WITH BRIGHT GREEN SCREENS
A cat laying on papers on a workstation.
A desk with a keyboard, mouse and computer monitor.
a desk with a laptop and a monitor with a keyboard
A computer desk topped with a monitor and a keyboard next to a  mouse.
A person is doing technical with their desktop computer
A persons hand and four laptop computers on a desk
A laptop computer and mouse sitting on a table. 
A computer keyboard has illuminated keys and other features.
there us a very small room that has two lap tops
a desk with several keyboards, two screens and miscellaneous electronics
A table with two laptop computers sitting on it.
four nice ladies gazing at the computers smiling
A laptop with a mouse and a soda
A little girl that is sitting in front of a laptop.
a desk with a laptop a mouse and a book
A cat sitting on a desk near a laptop, monitor and a mouse.
A black and white cat is sitting on the edge of a computer desk where a laptop is on.
a cat laying on a laptop on a desk
A computer desk chair sitting in front of a computer.
A computer desk set at standing height using various office furniture.
A desktop and a laptop on a desk.
A desk with a lamp, remote control, laptop, keyboard, monitor and a mouse on it. 
A laptop computer on a desk with strips of crepe paper on the keyboard 
a desk with two monitors and a keyboard
An active computer monitor that is sitting on a desk.
A cordless mouse placed beside a laptop trackpad.
A striped cat sleeping next to a computer mouse
A laptop is open on a table with coffee near by.
A white car is shown on a computer monitor.
The woman is sitting at her desk with the computer on. 
There is a computer monitor with a graphics program open sitting on a wooden desk.
Two young men sitting on a couch playing a video game. 
An image of a black keyboard with 5 color keys and a mouse
A laptop computer sitting in front of a desktop computer.
A man sits at the desk of an office. 
A computer set up with two monitor screens. 
A guy standing by a birthday cake in an office 
a big computer screen with a man on it
A table features a computer screen, keyboard, mouse, headphones and a bottle.
a woman in a beanie sitting in front of a laptop 
a cat sitting on the back of a desk while looking out a window 
an image of a keyboard with a mouse next to it
Several sodas and a laptop sit on a desk. 
Large cat laying down under two computer monitors.
The coffee mug is next to the computer mouse on the desk. 
Two women are working on a computer at the office.
The camera person has their feet up on the desk next to a laptop. 
A bedroom with bicycle, computer desk and checkered bedspread.
An adorable kitten rests on the computer mouse pad.
A computer keyboard sitting on a table, monitor in the background.
A vacant classroom with tables covered by laptops with headphones
A wooden desk with a laptop computer that is on, and next to it is a desktop computer and monitor that is off.
a computer monitor and a keyboard with a mouse
A hotel room with a surfboard laying against the wall
The little computer is set up to type up the notes
A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a computer monitor.
A computer desk with a guitar behind it.
A mouse sitting by a keyboard on a desktop
A laptop and several other items sitting on a wooden table.
A laptop computer set up in front of a desk top computer
A gray and black cat sleeping while laying down. 
There is a cake with many animals on the name Theodore on it. 
A living room with a desk area and parquet floors.
The lady has the donuts for us to eat. 
There is a desktop computer sitting next to a laptop computer.
This is a typical small American cubicle work space.
Small child on chairs in a home office.
A bedroom with double doors has a mounted television.
Someone is playing a video game standing up.
A room has two large beds in it.
A boy sitting in his chair with his laptop in his lap. 
A small cat sitting on the floor while staring at the TV screen. 
A living area with a christmas tree in it
A clean bedroom has white bedding and matching dressers.
A man holding a white Wii remote laughs
Two people smiling and standing while playing a wii game.
Two women sitting on a couch with remotes in their hands.
a light a television set a desk a mouse and wires
A room cluttered with various items, including a monitor and printer. 
a living room with a couch and chair sitting next to a tv
A man is standing in the doorway with Wii controllers in his hands.
Two children playing with Nintendo Wii control with man sleeping in the background.
there is a room with a fire place in it 
A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers.
a woman standing in front of a tv playing wii bowling
A guy on a laptop and a guy holding a Wii remote.
A person on a train holding a video game controller with other electronics around.
there is a man and a woman that are playing a video game
Two men sitting on a couch playing games
Living room with a couch, two chairs, book shelves and a tv
A clean old fashioned living room in a country house
A person playing the Wii in a dark room.
Two friends playing an interactive video game and getting competitive.
A man and a woman holding Nintendo Wii controllers.
As several people are gathered around watching a man is playing video games.
Two dogs laying down on the floor in the living room while looking outside.
A living room is shown with a dresser and couches.
Some people at an event near a video game display.
The woman is straightening the pants of a small child.
A laptop and some more items on a wooden desk.
A boy in white shirt playing with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A few people are having fun while playing their Wii. 
A pair of legs with a game controller on them
The cluttered room with large flat screen television. 
A man standing very close to a television in a living room.
A sparsely decorated room with a red coach and bay windows behind it. 
A man is crouched down playing a WII game.
A table in front of a couch has a cup with flowers in it.
a group of people standing near each other playing with small devices
A small refrigerator in between two couches and an end table.
Some people are playing mario kart for the wii.
A woman with glasses is playing with a Wii controller.
A man in striped shirt sitting on a couch.
A little girl standing and holding a remote in her hand.
Remote controls that work for the home theater system.
A living area with chairs, sofa and a television.
A television set is on in a living room area that features a gray couch, an area rug, a futon and a small table with a lamp.
A young man playing bowling on the Wii, also has a shot in hand. 
Three women sitting on a couch watching something.
An older woman playing a video game with other people watching.
Two women playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
A man in a red and black shirt plays video games at an expo.
Group of men playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
A little boy standing near a couch and a table.
A small living room area with black furniture and curtains.
A man is using a video game remote controller.
A group of men play with robotic dogs together
A couple of people that are playing a video game.
A man is standing in a room in a batting position.
Two people are having fun playing the Wii. 
A person uses a television's remote control to change the channel.
A woman and her daughter playing Wii at home
A bunch of kids party and play video games
A bedroom with one bed, a small television on a set of drawers and two chairs and a small table.
A person, whose feet are visible, is changing the TV channel.
A man and a woman play a video game.
A man playing a video game on the Nintendo Wii.
A person is speaking to a group of people in a living room.
a dj and two people playing nintendo wii
A nicely decorated living room with a lot of pictures on the wall.
Three boys are playing the Wii with Nunchucks.
a close up of a person holding an xbox 360 controller
A man is holding a video game steering wheel.
A man and a woman holding remote controllers in front of a television.
A room that has a couch, a chair, and a flat screen t.v. 
The man in the chair is playing a video game.
A middle aged woman turns her head to the side while holding items.
Two women playing wii tennis in front of a television.
A older TV on a shelf with videos on shelves on either side.
Little oriental girl in a pink top and white bottom stands next to TV.
A little boy eating a chocolate frosted doughnut with sprinkles on top.
a cellphone plugged to the charger on a nightstand 
A very clean living room with the TV on.
A man sitting on a chair playing video games
A man sitting on a couch with a laptop in a living room.
A man is holding a remote for a video game.
A man and a woman have fun while playing a video game together. 
a person sitting with a child wearing a tie
A group of boys play video games as another plays guitar. 
A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers.
A small white bunny standing in the middle of a living room.
 A laptop sitting on a desk with a mouse. 
a close up of a remote control on a table 
a man enjoying a game of wii bowling 
Two girls and a guy playing with a Wii.
A man standing in front of his tv.
The guy is resting on his bed and holding the bed control.
a laptop sitting on top of a box next to a projector 
A group of people holding video game remotes
A living room area with tile flooring and a man sitting int he middle of the room on a chair with a remote control in his hand, while looking at a television.
Three people are playing a video game in a book store.
A man standing on a piece of equipment for a video game while holding the remote as four other people look on
A spacious living room with a television,sofa, table and other things
a band practicing playing in their living room
A guy sitting on a couch with his cat and working on the computer.
Man in grey shirt playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A group of two young boys holding game controllers.
a bearded man is sitting in a chair with a controller
A person aims an archery bow, while another person holds a game controller in a similar pose.
Some people gathered together in a living room.
the man is playing a game with game controllers
A woman choosing her avatar for WIISports game.
A cluttered living room is shown with the TV on.
An older woman is holding a video game control.
a young kid playing with a wii remote 
A dog sleeping on a couch next to a remote control.
This meal has two scones, jelly, and cream.
A couch, a lamp, and a TV in an upstairs room.
A cat lays on top of a laptop on a table. 
The elderly couple is sitting on the couch with the remotes.
A cat looking at a picture of deers on a laptop screen
There are two girls playing in the living room
A stuffed monkey on a computer desk with two computers.
A living room with a couch, coffee table and a television in it.
A couple of pretty ladies sitting next to a man.
A baby trying to eat the remote control.
The T.V. is on in an empty dorm room.  
A typical family room with a coffee table and two couches.
A room with two beds, two lamps, two pictures and a telephone in it. 
The office space is efficient with a wraparound counter whose corner has a tuckaway keyboard. 
A wii controller next to various small figurines.
A classy living room combines neat and tidy with shiny tables.
A group of people standing and holding wii remotes.
A man sitting on a couch on his laptop.
a couple of people that are sitting down with wii remotes
man holding a wii remote strapped to his wrist.
Man in suit talking while being watched by a man in jeans.
Two men sitting on a black couch together.
A picture of someone holding a Wii remote controller.
A man wearing a brown cap looking sitting at his computer with a black and brown dog resting next to him on the couch.
A person is playing a game of virtual bowling.
a old man playing the wii game in his living room 
A ferret sniffing the receiver of a telephone.
A picture of a large living room with a large fireplace.
A man sits in a chair and watches another person play with a Nintendo Wii.
Three sitting couches circling a fireplace on a hard wood floor.
Two laptops are on the floor near a television.
An orange and white cat sleeping on a remote
Luggage is scattered around the living space of this hotel suite.
The young people are are playing a video game.
A black and white cat sleeps on a laptop.
Two people are in a room playing with a video game console.
A large computer monitor sitting on top of a computer desk.
two people standing up near each other playing nintendo wii
a guy playing a bowling game on the Wii system 
Couches are arranged around a TV in a living room. 
a young child stands in front of a tv playing nintendo wii
A cat sitting under an open umbrella, in front of a window.
A large older man is playing with a video game console. 
A living room with many shoes on the floor. 
You are never to old to play with the Nintendo Wii.
A man and a woman in motion while holding remotes.
Two men sitting on a couch with a tv remote.
A woman's hand holding a Wii rifle handle.
a living room with white curtains and a black couch and table
A cat is laying on the couch arm by a remote control.
a group of people holding game controllers in front of a television
Two men in the same color shirts that are standing while playing a video game.
A computer and telephone equipment in a conference room.
A living room consisting of a TV, a fireplace, a couch, a reclining char, an end table, and a small table.
Man and woman stand in a living room holding Wii controllers. 
A cat sits on the armrest of a couch beside the remote control.
Two young men walking past a projection screen.
A group of females is waving their arms.
People are playing a video game while standing.
two girls play video games on a flat screen tv.
A person holding two Nintendo Wii game controllers.
Three women and one little girl smiling happily.
A dog is resting its head on its owners lap
A group of people are playing Wii together.
there are many items laid out across a bed
A young man smiles as a young woman sticks up her middle finger.
Barefoot man and woman playing a video game.
A man standing holding a Nintendo WII remote control.
Let's dress in all white and play Wii in public!
A bed sitting in a room next to a desk and window.
A cat lays on its back while sitting in someone's lap.
A woman stands with a Wii remote in her hand.
Two women standing, leaning and holding gaming controls while a boy sits watching from sofa.
A person is holding a remote to change the channel
a man stands in front of a television using a wii remote 
a group of people pose for a picture 
A bedroom with tables, lamps, and a bed.
Four young people have crowded into a small office.
A woman is laying in bed with a small child.
a man throwing something over his shoulder in a living room
A dog and a cat laying with each other on a bed.
a large television with many tall speakers next to it
Firefly remote sitting on a wooden desk by a keyboard.
A messy desk is shown with outdated electronics

A small dog laying on its belly on a couch at a table.
Couple playing video game Wii with crowd walking past
Two guys are standing at the front of a classroom.
a couple of guys that are standing up with a wii remote
An orange cat laying on top of a couch.
A computer showing a webpage atop a table.
A man is playing a video game in the living room
a man holding a electronic device in a room
A child is sitting with a wii remote in his hand.
A black Nintendo Wii game controller with attached strap. 
There are three people playing a video game.
Various people are acknowledging life and having an unfathomable moment. 

a desk with a laptop and a monitor for a desktop on it
The two young guys are playing a video game.
A lot of people that are talking to each other.
a small living room with antique furniture and old wallpaper
A group of people in a room with remotes.
a black laop is sitting on a table
A den with a couch, statue head and television.
A woman is holding a cellphone while her picture is taken.
A woman in a flowery shirt sitting down looking intently. 
Two women are laughing and carrying game controllers in their hands.
a person holds a remote as a dog lays in their lap
Two monitors sit on an organized desk area
Living room with sofa, coffee table , chair and end table. 
Two young kids playing an exciting video game.
A living room filled with trey furniture and a lamp.
A computer monitor is displaying a menu of options.
A woman is sitting in bed and a cat is sitting on a couch. 
A persons hand holding a Wii video game system remote control and pressing a button with their thumb.
A remote and a cell phone laying on a table.
A hotel room has two beds with gold blankets.
A couple of people in a room with remotes.
A guy is wearing a video game shirt in an altered photo.
a room with a chair and a television
A young boy lying on the floor under a blanket playing a game.
Two men are playing a game in a conference room.
A short athletic kid plays with his new video games 
an image of a man with a remote control
A man and dog sit on a couch in a home.
The entertainment center has many electronics underneath the television.
Two people are playing a computer video game.
A living room filled with furniture and two windows.
A cat sitting on top of a brown leather chair.
Two people in a living room are looking at their laptops.
a meme of a little kitten holding tv remotes
a icebox that has some stuff on top of it
Two girls wrapping presents on a living room floor. 
A couple of people sitting down holding thing sin their hands.
A woman holds a Wii remote in her hand while making a face of concentration.
a close up of a dog laying on a couch near a remote controller
a close up of a person holding a nintendo wii controller
A cat sitting on top of a table in front of a mirror.
A man sits on a couch, and holds a device in his hands.
A couple of people sitting down in a living room.
A cat is resting his head on a remote control. 
4 cell phones sitting on top of a laptop computer.
a living room with furniture in low lighting
Three women sit on the couch with a cat on the back looking out the window
The little boy is playing with the remote
a couple of kids that are playing the wii
A cat lounges on its back on a sofa.
The flat screen television sits on top of an entertain center.
A woman holding a game controller in front of a fire place.
a dog laying in front of a boy playing a video game
A made bed shows a collection of pillows.
Small dog sleeping on a couch with remote controls.
Two women are playing a video game while on the couch.
Two young women with game controllers in their hand.
skinny woman plays wii in front room with guests
cell phones and a remote tied up together
Laptop computer next to a radiator on a desk.
A man and a woman holding gaming controllers. 
A gray cat lies on a bed with a Wiimote. 
Four people sitting in a small area preparing to play a game of Wii.
A group of people sitting in room with laptop and power chords.
a laptop and keyboard on some kind of desk
A little girl holding a remote control in her hands.
someone propping their feet up on a computer desk.
Two men play a game together using the Nintendo Wii gaming system. 
Four Asian young adults play a Wii game together.
Two young men are standing while using video game remotes.
A cat is watching a bird on television.
Two rugs and some red pillows have been tossed on the couch.
a ball is next to a wood desk
A dog lies down on a couple's bed next to the remote control.
A well furnished living room with couches and a wooden table.
A small boy standing and playing a video game.
Sunlight streams in the window of a living room. 
Two hands holding two white Nintendo Wii controllers.
a dog laying near a laptop on a bed
A bed in a bedroom with a wicker desk and a TV.
A pretty young girl holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
Check out the Mohawk on one of the game players.
a person is jumping off of a bed
A child standing in a living room facing a television.
A living room wall with television, small shelves and a gas heater..
Two men stand in a living room playing a tennis video game.
Two kids standing in front of tv playing a game on the Wii
two little kittens laying down by a remote 
This room contains a couch, a chair, a glass table with chairs and a flat screen television on top of a entertainment center.
a little boy plays nintendo wii by the television
HANDS SHOWING AN ELECTRONIC ITEM FROM DIFFERENT ANGLES
A computer desk with keyboard and mouse 
A person holding a white calculator in their hand.
A white couch sits across from dark lounge chairs in a living room.
A view of a  table with many different gaming controllers on it.
there are two men in this picture one is looking to the projector screen.
A desk with a phone and a vase of flowers on it
A kitchen room with a lady by the refrigerator and a man seated at a table.
A lady sitting on a couch using a laptop in a living room.
A game controller that is very high-tech. 
A remote for DirectTV and another for a television set.
The living room is rather sparsely furnished, but has electronics, magazines, a gold fish bowl and slippers.
A person standing in front of a surface with a cup and other tools on it.
A group of people playing games in a living room
A woman and teddy bear are sitting in chairs.
THERE IS PHOTO OF A LIVING ROOM WITH FURINTURE 
A young child enjoying a video game in a living room.
Two male friends playing Wii games together happily.
a person in a class room setting with his arms up
View of living room furniture placed around room with view of tv.
A man is playing a display of a video game.
A very clean shiny desk near a window
A young boy in pajamas holds a controller for a video game console.
A group of people seated and holding remotes with a tv monitor at the front
A black cat laying on top of a couch next to a remote.
Two girls and a boy playing a video game.
two people standing near each other playing nintendo wii
A family is eating and drinking wine at the table. 
A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers.
The man is touching his heel holding a glass of wine.
A group of people spending time together in a living room
Cat on hind legs trying to get at the cat on the screen.

A young child sitting on a couch playing video games.
Girl making silly face at a Nintendo Wii remote.
A bedroom has a guitar and computer desk.
A man and a woman playing a video game while people watch. 
a room with very long beds with two bags
A picture of a laptop and a desktop computer on a desk. 
A young man in a kitchen staring at a bottle of liquid.
A curved sofa with attached end-tables and a circular coffee table in front of it
A black remote that is sitting on couch.
A living area with a sofa, coffee table and television.
A black and white living room has grey carpet.
A man is playing Wii Bowling on a small television.
A little girl and boy are sitting on the couch with two women watching a movie as the girl cups her mouth.
A thin wireless keyboard sitting on a table top.
Closeup of a hand with a remote and a television in background.
A group of girl friends standing around laughing and playing the Wii.
A bed with a canopy made of netting, tied back with ribbons.
Two women that are standing in a living room.
A group of people are playing a video game together.
Two remote controls and a media player are placed on a leather couch.
Two children who are playing a video game.
Two men standing in a living room holding remotes.
A man holding a controller to play a video game.
A boy holding a remote to a Wii while sitting on a coach. 
One person is asleep on a couch while another sits on a chair using his phone.
A man using a controller to play a video game.
This is a point of view shot from a TV remote with a TV in view in the background.
Young child operating video game remote control from chair.
A television and a couch in a room.
The people are playing a game in the room.
There is a group of people standing in a room together
Two young boys sit on the carpet playing a video game.
a person standing in a living room playing nintendo wii
A man is holding a cat and remote control.
this is a woman playing a video game
Two people playing with wireless controllers in some living room.
A woman holds a Wii remote over her head. 
Two robots are shown on a miniature soccer field.
a living room with a blue couch chairs and two people
A group of men playing video games on a giant screen
Man inside on couch working on laptop next to dog.
A table with a PDA, cellphone and other devices.
Many objects are sitting on top of a glass table.
A cat sitting on the keyboard of a laptop.
Woman playing on a wii controller with no tv in picture.
A glass desk with a variety of electronic equipment on it.
Two separate instances of elderly people playing a video game.
A young lady helping an old lady use a controller for a wii game.
A seated male uses an electronic device to play a video game.
A man is standing next to an open refrigerator.
A wooden table sitting next to a red wall topped with a computer monitor.
A BLACK AND WHITE PICTURE OF A BOY SITTING ON THE COUCH DRINKING 
The view of some one's living room in their home.
Two people are playing a remote controlled video game
A wooden outdoor bench with a tv remote on it.
A wii controller and a Wii nunchuck on a table.
A rabbit is sitting on a floor by a television.
Two men give a speech in front of a crowd. 
A young boy watches a TV show in the living room.
Two people playing a video game while two other people watch.
A living area with a sofa, chair and fireplace.
A frizzy haired cat lying on top of a laptop on a desk.
A man who is playing a video game as others watch.
A couple of little kids in front of a TV.
A group of children are playing with a game system.
a bathroom with a fancy toilet and a lot of toilet rolls beside it 
A group of people in a classroom are using a simulator.
Man and woman playing video game and smiling in living room
An empty and well-made bed sits in the middle of a room. 
Two men sit together playing a video game. 
A little boy and a man playing the wii game 
three people sitting on a couch with one person holding a game controller.
A family enjoying leisure time playing a video game.
A group of men stand playing a video game.
nintendo wii on a table with remotes and instructions
A couple of people that are playing a video game.
A couple of people standing with a remote.
A kid and an elder play the Wii in the living room while another person looks on from the chair. 
An unopened box of the Wii game console sits on a table.
Two cats play in a room covered in cat paraphernalia
The woman is playing the video game all alone.
A man sits on a couch holding a wii remote.
two young people are playing a game on the wii
A woman playing a video game in a living room.
A living area with a television and various places to sit.
A group of people playing a game with some remote controllers.
A cat sitting in a leather office chair.
A dog laying in a grey chair with a ottoman with three remote controls in front.
A living room with a couch, TV, speaker system, bookshelf, and coffee table. 
a bunch of watches, cell phones and clocks on a table
a male and a female some tv game controllers and a television
Three young men are standing in front of a screen
Two men are playing Wii in a living room.
a number of remote controls on a table near each other 
A sparsely furnished living room with fireplace, television and couches is shown.
A person standing holding a blue object in their hand. 
A room that has wooden walls and a man in it.
A man standing in front of large screens while playing the Wii video game system.
Two cats playing on a bed, and one looks mad.
a large video game located in a mall
An adorable little girl wearing a hottie bib.
Two children playing and interactive video game. 
A woman is playing video games in a living room.
a male and a female are playing a video game
A woman stands in a living room playing an interactive video game.
Two youg kids sitting side by side playing with wii controllers.
An person relishing it on a good daytime

A table with a glass that is half full, books and a magazine stacked together and remote control.
a boy that has a wii remote in his hand
A black couch is the centerpiece of a living room set.
A living room has a black sofa and a television.
Two men with wii remotes playing video games.
Two young boys sitting on the couch playing Wii games
Three men are in a living room playing a video game.
A couple of Wii controllers next to a pile of books.
Two men in a hotel room, one playing a video game with a remote control.
A  donut sits on a plate on a table beside a beverage.
two people are playing the Nintendo Wii together. 
This is a child holding a remote to a game console. 
A young child is sitting playing the Wii.
A ROOM ON THE BEACH SHORE WITH A PIANO
The couch is tidy but empty of people.
a man working on computers at a desk in his home
Man in mid air jumping on a bed in a hotel room.
A small kitten is laying by a Wii video game controller. 
A cat rests on a couch near video game remotes controllers
Electronic equipment displayed on table next to literature.
A man taking a nap on a couch in front of a flat screen TV.
A man and a child sitting on a couch watching something 
A black cat is lying next to a remote control.
A person holding a small device in a package.
Corner of a room with a bed with three stacked pillows, with another pillow and a brochure leaned against stack, and a bedside table lamp illuminated.
The organized living room has brown couch, green cushions, glass panel window and red cushion on the floor. 
A picture of two men playing Wii in someones house. 
Three people look into the camera while one man is holding a laptop.
A little boy and girl playing wii together
A living area has heavily patterned walls, furniture, and rug.
A sparse living room with a tv in the corner and several arm chairs.
A man posing with a Playstation Move controller.
Three children stand before a TV playing Wii. 
A woman standing the the entrance of a hotel room
A wide-eyed striped cat on the floor by a remote controller.
People sitting around in a dorm room having fun.
a cat standing next to a dog both in front of a desk with a monitor on it.
A little girl holds a remote control in her hand.
Two boys having a good time playing the Wii
A man is standing in a house, holding a Wii remote as two women and a man watch.
A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
A small living room with a large window and mismatched furniture and a drinking water tank.
A striped cat sleeping on tv remote controls
two men stand in a living room pointing wii remotes
A projector sitting on a desk next to a laptop. 
A basic white Wii controller new in the package.
An inside view of a studio apartment with a dog.
A hotel room has two cups of coffee on the bed.
A white couch sits under a shelf lined with video games. 
Two men playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
a plate of food on a person's lap in an airline seat
There are two people playing a video game in a room.
A man playing WII Tennis swings his remote hard.
A young woman plays with a WiiMote demurely
A woman is using a video game remote control.
Four friends playing a Wii motion controlled video game
A bunch of items laid out on a table to be packed up.
A table with two corded mouse looking devices.
A man resting his legs on a desk next to a computer keyboard.
A living area with couches, television and fans.
Two men play a video game while posing for a picture.
people playing the nintendo wii at the office
Two people sit in front of a television playing a video game.
A adult's hand holding an unidentified electronics device.
a number of people sitting and standing playing nintendo wii
The woman on the couch is happy with her electronics.
A teddy bear is holding the remote control next to the tv.
Group of young adults playing Nintendo me in a nice room
THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH A TV IN THERE 
Several computer devices atop a small wooden table.
A man and woman are playing a game with Wii controllers.
three men in a living room playing WII.
A framed picture of remote controls below the four actual remote controls that were in the picture.
Several guys are sitting in a room playing video games.
a person standing on a nintendo device playing wii  
People are standing in a room playing Wii.
A man in black frame glasses is holding what appears to be a controller for a game system.
An ad showcasing a rubber grip and wrist handle for a wii remote
A couple of women standing next to each other.
A young child looks at a laptop screen.
an office desk full of electronic equipment and paperwork
A person is laying down with their feet toward the television.
Two women playing together with gaming remote controls.
Two microwave ovens adorned with branding stickers stacked on the floor
an image  of two girls that are sitting in front of a tv
a dog sits on a bed next to a laptop computer
A girl is holding a cordless phone over her head.
A person in a living room pointing an object at a TV.
a man is messing with the foot attachments on a snow board 
A dog at the entrance of a cluttered living room.
A living room filled with living room furniture and decor. 
A livign area with music mixing equipment and a desk.
a man wearing glasses and a white shirt holding a game controller
A view of a living room from across the room, there are bikes everywhere.
This is a television, dvd player and VCR on a stand. 
A man standing on a carpet with a remote.
a close up of a dog on a couch near a remote control
three lady's  with two playing a  video game and one cheering them on 
Two men are in the middle of a class room, one is sitting on the side of a table while the other stands.
A living room with a rocking chair next to a fireplace.
Four men are watching robotic puppies play soccer
A few people are sitting aroudn a TV playing a video game.
A convention where a man and woman are playing a Wii together.
A father watches as two little girls play a video game.
Young man using a Nintendo wii remote to access a game.
A man in a shamrock hat is playing a video game.
An old movie being shown on a big screen TV.
A adult male is playing Wii with another person.
A man next to a computer monitor that has his game character on screen.
Boy wearing glasses and orange sweatshirt using a Wii controller.
A bedroom in an apartment in a skyscraper.
Girl sitting on couch using remote while looking at her laptop.
A laptop sitting on top of a curvy desk.
A game displayed on the screen of an entertainment system.
some kids are playing video games on a television
A pack of crackers next to a remote and bottle of water
A messy living room with a couch, a table, and a tv.
A man in grey shirt playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A television with video devices, movies and speakers.
Several guys playing the Wii and holding the controllers
An older woman smiles with using the steering wheel of a video game.
A gray television remote control on a wood surface.
A computer keyboard sitting next to a mouse.
A little boy and man playing Wii together in the living room.
the inside of a two store house with a wooden ceiling
A sandwich sits next to a bowl of chips, and glass of water.
a dog laying on a sofa guarding the remote 
A little boy playing a video game while another boy is on a laptop.
A living room with sofa, chairs, television and fireplaces.
A family is playing a game in a living room.
Dinner is served on a wooden table with the TV remote. 
A group of people meet in a room.
A bedroom with wooden furniture and brick walls
A child sitting in front of a laptop computer.
It looks like two men are playing a video game.
Two women standing and a man sitting in a room with a table that appear to be engaged in conversation with someone not in the picture.
A man is playing Wii in his office.
A cat lazily sits in the middle of a cluttered desk.
A brown couch sitting next to a red book shelf.
A man and a woman both stare at a television set.
There is a TV near the couch and chairs.
a black and white kitty sitting on a desk
Young woman using video game controller in living area.
A cat laying on a bed with the remote to a tv 
A keyboard, mouse and computer monitor on a desk with a laptop.
an image of a man playing a video game
A man who is playing a video game.
A bedroom with an air conditioner and tv in it
There is a living room with a couch, chairs and lamps.
A very young animal is being hand-fed from a bottle. 
A group of people in a living room sitting on the couch talking.
remote control in foreground with entertainment center in background
The man on the couch is playing a video game.
A black and white photo of a tv is shown.
A laptop and other office supplies sitting atop a backpack.
A room has a bed, television, and skylights in it.
A little boy sitting on top of a black chair next to another boy.
A man holding a video game controller near his face.
Four children standing up with Wii controllers in their hands.
A black remote control sitting on top of a rug.
a male in a white shirt is playing a video game
A man and woman are looking at something while the man is using the wii?
A woman in glasses is smiling next to a man holding a Wii controller. 
A man and a woman playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
A man and woman in a living room play against each other on a Wii.
Teenagers are sitting in small chairs looking forward.
A man playing Wii sports tennis on a small television.
A group of people playing video games next to a library.
A desk and entertainment area with multiple monitors, speakers, and consoles has many cords.
A little boy is playing on a Wii video game.
A living space in a small studio apartment
A unfinished wooden table with bottles of beer, glasses and candles.
The two women are playing the video game together.
a black and orange cat is resting on a keyboard and yellow back scratcher
Two woman holding up Wii remote controls, with a concentrating look in their face.
Group of people sitting on a red couch drinking wine. 
there is a control being held in front of a television
very many computer monitors in a room not well arranged
The room has lots of items on every surface.
A pair of remote controls set on the arm of a chair.
A woman stands holding a white controller near some chairs.
A small cat sitting on a couch next to a remote control.
Two people in a living room playing a Nintendo Wii game.
two hands are holding white video game controllers 
The cat looks like he's played more than enough Nintendo Wii for now.
Man standing up playing a video game on a TV.
A classroom filled with students tying on computers
Two men in a living room playing games
A soft toy and a remote are kept on a sofa.
A couple of women standing in front of a couch.
The girl is playing a video game in the room with two chairs. 
A man playing Wii in a living room 
A guy is sitting on a brown carpet playing the Wii.
A couple of people standing in a room with remote.
Two women standing in a living room playing with a Wii. 
a family in the living room playing with a wii video game 
The living room has been furnished with large couches.
A desk with keyboard, Xbox controller and multiple glasses.
A man and a woman are playing Wii.
Four men in a room with two laptops on a table.
A room with a seating area and dining area.
an adult a young person and a child playing nintendo wii
A man is playing a Wii golf game.
a close up of a person sitting on a chair holding a nintendo wii remote 
Two guys play video games in the living room.
A man and a young boy play a video game while two women watch.
A man standing next to another man in front of a brick wall.
Adult woman standing with the Wii remote set in her hands
A woman and a man playing an interactive video game.
Man and woman holding white controllers in a living room. 
A gray colored cat is staring at the camera.
A grey and black cat laying on pillow next to a remote.
Wii game players are totally in the moment.
Four men are standing in front of a table.
Several papers are scattered on top of a bed
A hand holding a play red and yellow remote control.
A man and woman sitting on a couch holding Wii controllers.
Two men who are holding video game controllers.
A few people in a room playing a video game
A very cute brown dog laying with some remotes.
A couch next to a bed, table and a television.
It appears to be a very nice day outside.
An Asian woman wearing a grass skirt and a fruit bra.
A bag that is sitting on a bed.
Man playing game on screen with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A laptop right next to a small computer
A vase of tulips sits on a desk. 
A man plays a video game on the wii while other individuals relax in the background.
A living area with two beds and a nightstand.
A boy is leading an atv via remote that is equipped with a laptop.
a desk filled with different computer equipment. 
A large white bed sitting next to a lamp.
Two women playing a game on a wii.
The orange cat is lying on the bed near a remote control. 
A couple of people in a room with a remote.
a white and black cat is sleeping on a coach
A living room is seen with a soccer game on the television.
A man and a woman playing the Nintendo Wii.
A desk with shortwave radio, computer system and papers. 
This all white bathroom has a round yellow rug that stands out very much.
a man that is playing a wii in a living room
A large cat is sitting on the arm of the chair.
a silver bucket a white and blue curtain an apple and a controller
A table that has items on it in a living room.
A laptop sitting on a bed near a picture of Bob Marley.
Two teddy bears are sitting on a made bed
A woman and a little girl are dancing.
A room that has large windows in it.
A bottle of beer, a BlackBerry, a slice of pizza, and a game controller on top of a table.
A man standing next to a beautiful blond woman.
A living room with a couch, chairs, and a table.
A person standing on a wii board with a wii remote in his hand
Man and woman playing video games in living room
Three guys sitting on the couch watching some television.
two older lady's playing a game on the wii
Neatly stacked pillow on two different leather couches near a coffee table. 
A small laptop computer sits on the table with a couple remote controls and a "vino" cup.
The little girl is playing a video game.
A man and woman playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
a person standing in front of a television and holding a game controller.
A computer image designed to look like a see through computer.
A couple of people holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
A cat playing on living room chair with a TV remote on the arm.
Tue bed in the large bedroom has four pillows on it.
A woman and dog lay in the bed. 
a dog with his head on a pillow looking over the back of a couch
A woman sitting on a couch using a laptop. 
The kid is on the bed watching the television.
Two men and a woman sitting on a couch playing video games.
A man and woman are standing up in a classroom, playing the wii.
The coupe are standing up and playing video games together. 
Some toy dogs are playing a soccer game
A living room with very large windows and natural light.
A couch that is in front of a television.
Two women stand while actively playing a video game.
A young lady is controlling something with a remote control.
A man in his living room playing video games.
A hotel room with a living area and desk.
An older woman sitting on a coach playing a WII game
A man plays a video game on Nintendo Wii.
A father and daughter are on the couch eating chips.
A carrot and celery are on a cutting board.
A small girl holding a Wii Remote playing the Wii.
Some people standing in a room holding some remotes.
A man is playing with Nintendo's Wii with another man.
a roam showing a leather couch and a fire place
A young man watching television at a desk with a laptop and a notebook.
A room with a  fire place in front of a TV.
A dog is standing in the living room, looking the at the camera. 
A remote close to the monitor screen 
A young man laughs while his companion maintains a serious face.
Four people are sitting on a couch watching a Wii game.
Two asian girls playing video games in a party type situation.
Two chairs are set up in the grass in front of a tv.
a man in jeans is standing and laughing.
Box with picture of a hand holding a Nintendo wii remote.
A young businessman with long hair is on a laptop screen on a table next to a cup of coffee and a pair of ladies eyeglasses. 
a man playing a Wii and a child pestering her mother
A man and furry cat are sitting on a red sofa.
A small living room with a brightly decorated bookshelf.
A man stands on a mat with a controller.
A group of people that are sitting on couches.
Two men and a woman are playing video games.
a man is playing nintendo wii and four people are watching
A living area with sofas, a coffee table and a Christmas tree.
An elaborate computer setup containing two computers and a speaker system.
two people standing in a living room playing nintendo wii
Two men holding a Nintendo Wii remote in their hands.
A FAMILY IS PLAYING WII AT HOME FUN TIME
a close up ofa child with a toy cell phone in its mouth
a cat lying and watching an owl on the tv
A young man holds one Wii remote in each hand. 
A living room filled with furniture and accessories,
A hand is holding a white electronic device.
Two people standing in a living room with two sofas. 
three people in a living room playing nintendo wii
a living room with a couch sitting in the corner next to the windows 
A wii remote standing upright near a mouse and a cellphone.
A nice looking hotel room with a neatly done bed, coffee table, and a chair.
A woman playing the Wii in her living room while a man watches. 
Some people standing in a room and holding remotes.
The remote is pointed at the television set.
Group of men playing video game in living area.
a man and a woman playing with electronic devices in their hand
A woman standing on a floor holding a game remote next to a woman and two kids sitting on the floor near a table, while a dog passes by. 
A woman in white shirt playing game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A boy is standing in a living room playing video games on a wall hung flatscreen tv.
The living has a table where someone can do sewing on. 
A MAN IS PLAYING WII IN HIS LIVING ROOM 
A man is pointing a remote control at the camera
Two people play with wii remotes in front of a computer.
A living room with a red carpet and a fire place.
A kid with a video game remote control in his hand while people sit around. 
Two people with video game controllers strapped to their wrists.
A man holding up a video game controller.
A group of men standing around a room next to a TV.
A remote is being pointed at a television
A snow board sitting on top of a glass table.
A woman in yellow holds a remote in one hand and points a finger of the other hand.
Two men are sitting while holding Nintendo Wii remotes.
A plate of seasoned chicken, pizza, green beans, and potatoes.
A somewhat cluttered living room area with white couches and a small TV. 
A computer keyboard and mouse with wires about connected to an electronic device.
A game remote control standing on its end.
A group of people eating donuts from Dunkin Donuts. 
Two men are standing in a room playing a video game..
A computer sits on a desk next to other items.
Girl sitting in bed with her teddy bear reading
A white cat on a blue comforter blinks with a Wii Mote resting on its back.
A desk with a television and various remotes.
Two video game remotes are standing next to each other.
The living room  features natural oak furniture with fabrics/carpeting in brightly colored  circles and stripes
A man playing and interactive video game. 
A cat lies in front of a tv watching a bear on screen.
A plate of rice and beans and a drink beside a computer. 
Two women are singing and playing karaoke together. 
A man plays a Wii game while on the couch
People line up in front of tables holding different Wii remotes.
A man and a woman sitting on a plaid couch playing wit a Wii. 
a group of people sitting on some couches 
Two people are playing the video game while the others sit at the table
A television screen is mounted in the wall of the bathroom.
There is a desk with a TV on it and a pizza in a desk drawer.
a man in a hat poses with a giant remote control 
A small boys stand in front of a TV and plays a boxing video game
A man leans against an oven in the kitchen.
a white black and brown cat a laptop and some pens and pencils
A group of people sitting on black couch next to a laptop.
A busy office desk holds a laptop computer and a desktop computer.
A man and woman stand and play a game on a Wii.
Some folks standing up holding some remotes together.
a man having a good time playing a wii game
Several people are standing in front of TV monitors playing Wii games.
FOUR TELEVISION REMOTES KEPT SIDE BY SIDE IN FRONT OF TWO TELEVISIONS. 
The man is enjoying using the game controller.
A young man playing a video game on a Nintendo Wii.
The little girl is playing video games with the older adults.
Two men playing Wii in a room 
a man with long hair plays with a remote control
A man with a cup of tea and two people using Nintendo Wii controllers.
A photo of a TV set net to a wood vanity and stool with a green wall behind both.
A group of people look at some tvs,
Two men are playing Nintendo Wii while a woman watches.
A couch and chair in a room with a television and plants.
An empty room with a couch, fireplace, and a television. 
A little kid that is sitting on the couch.
Two adult men in front of a television playing a videogame. 
A person opening up the new Wii game controller and game.
a room with toys and a kid walking from it
A man showing another man how to play a video game.
THIS IS A PHOTO OF SOMEONES PERSONAL WORK SPACE
A drawing room where two person are talking.
Two people seated on a couch, one with glasses and holding remotes.
Two guys playing wii in a living room.
A woman with a gaming controller plays in front of a Christmas tree while another person watches.
A young man is holding a video game remote over his head.
A girl standing in front of a TV playing Wii.
A man is standing and playing video games.
Single video game controller laying on a table.
Two men sitting on a couch working on their laptops.
This is an image of a man playing wii.
a man sits on a couch while playing a video game 
A person holding a Wii remote in their hands in front of the television
A woman sitting on a couch with a dog.
A cat with a controller is sleeping on a couch.
Three people playing a game with black controllers.
A man and woman playing a video game on their television.
a close up of a god laying on a remote
Tightly made platform bed with one table light turned on.
A young man standing on top of a Wii controller.
an image of two people playing a video game
A dog resting his head on a man using his laptop.
A young girl points a Nintendo Wii remote at the camera.
two people standing close to one another playing nintendo wii
A woman wrapped in a blanket sitting on her bed eating a rice cake.
a striped chair and couch a television a rug and tables
A large yellow teddy bear sitting on a Persian rug next to a vase filled with flowers.
a red leather sofa and chair in front of a fireplace and a big screen tv
a couple of kids play a game of wii 
Man and woman standing up while playing wii.
Small boy in a living room holding up a Wii controller. 
A bedroom with a bed, desk, and window.
A woman in striped shirt playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
Three pictures of a person holding a remote in which a stack of boxes appears to materialize.
Cell phone plugged into laptop to charge up it's battery
A small kitchen is shown with a stove, dishwasher and sink.
A baby girl standing on top of a Wii gaming system.
Two men sit in a living room facing each other.
Two men are playing a remote video game.
A living room with couches, chairs and a large flat screen tv.
Group of people watching TV and playing video game. 
Two women and a man are in a large room with remotes.
a couple of people play a game in a room
A man and woman  sitting on a couch playing video games
The peoples attention is directed towards something interesting.
A group of people talking with each other.
Two people playing with an interactive gaming unit.
A man and woman play with Nintendo Wii controllers with Christmas presents in the background. 
There are three pillows on this bed and the covers have been pulled down. 
A couple sits on a couch, the man holding a laptop, the woman holding a dog.
A woman and girl playing a game with remote controllers.
A man sitting in front of a table holding a remote.
A room with chairs, a fireplace, a mantle and a couch. 
A woman standing in front of a screen holding a game controller.
A child playing with his hand-held game system.
a couple of kids play a video game 
Two children playing Wii while adults look on.
A computer's boot up screen is displayed on a large TV.
An image of a nicely decorated hotel room with luggage sitting on a bench.
an open laptop on a sofa next to a remote control
A chair and a couch in a small room.
Teenager in a living room holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
A man who is sitting at a table.
Two men are playing a Wii game together.
a group of people watch as two people play some video games 
A man playing a WII video game in a living room.
A full beautiful view of a computer screen in a room. 
people standing in front of wii demo stations
Two men standing and playing a video game.
Leather couches are facing a large screen television.
A big furry dog watching a window for someone to come home. 
A man and woman playing a game with remote controllers.
Man sitting at modern desk performing official business in room.
Two women sitting in chairs playing a video game  on their flat screen TV.
a man standing in front of a fireplace and pointing 
a small remote leaning on another remote control on a table 
a hotel room in a city with someones belongings. 
One is man is standing while the other sits in their bare apartment.  
Laptop computer sits on desk area with literature.
A man standing in front of a TV in a living room.
An adorable young girl holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
Various items such as sunglasses, keys, and batteries on a table
two people are sitting on a couch resting
A rambunctious young girl leaps into the air while holding a toy.
A child with a Wii remote and nunchuk in his hands
Man pointing remote at television trying to select what to watch.
An apartment with two chairs, a coffee table and a TV.
A living room has a slanted ceiling with exposed beams and red furniture.
A room with furniture, a pet igloo and a television.
A computer set up on a desk with three additional monitors
A man holding a remote control in his house.
two people standing in a front room playing WII
The man is using his remote to enjoy the game.
two children and they are playing a video game
Here is a sadly decorated loft in the city.
Amazing picture of various individuals having a not too bad time. 

A yellow wall living room with a large and bright white window.  
a couch that has a dog beside it
Two women stand and play a video game.
a woman plays wii golf in his living room
A woman that is holding a remote in her hand.
A bedroom with a computer and a doorway into the attached bathroom.
Two people are playing with a Wii in a store.
a living room filled with furniture and a big rug in the middle
Two dogs sit on top of a bed together.
Two people are playing video games on a tv
a teenager standing in the middle of a room playing a video game
A row of different remote controls sit side by side. 
Two people sitting in a room with Wii controllers.
a couple of cats are in front of a television
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
Two people playing a video game on a large television.
The room is very clean and also empty.
A woman stands in front of a neatly made hotel bed. 
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
A couch and ottoman are shown with remotes.
A room with a bed, TV, and furniture
A hand can be seen reaching for a remote.
a woman in a blue sweatshirt and a bed 
Two people playing a video game in their living room.
Two men are using video game remote controls.
A child and her mother play video games together
A line up different remote controls and video game controllers. 
Two young men playing a motion controlled video game
A photo of some people playing on the Wii.
Children playing a video game on the tv.
A group of people sitting on and standing around a red couch.
A group of people are talking inside the house.
A boy who is playing a video game.
a Wii box controllers cables instructions and a power adapter
This man is clicking a remote control to something.
A man playing Wii vigorously with a friend
A person holding on to a black remote
A man and woman are facing a screen playing Wii game
Two men playing on a Wii system with people talking behind them.
The TV is on in a living room with two sofas
An Asian family playing Wii at their home.
a number of people sitting on a couch with remote controls 
A man watching television with his dog in his lap
a MAN WITH FIVE CELL PHONES AND A GUN. 
A girl lays a video game with a mat
A pretty young lady holding a black game controller in her right hand.
A dining room table and chair set sitting next to windows.
A living room with couch, chaise, track lighting, and a large window.
A hotel bathroom with a television in the mirror.
A chef removes the peel from an orange. 
a family sitting on the floor and checking out some wii motes 
Sesame Street themed nintendo wiimote covers and a Nintendo DS
A family room with a computer and couch with one blind half open.
THERE ARE PEOPLE PLAYING WII IN THE LIVING ROOM
THERE IS A MAN THAT IS HOLDING AN ELECTRONIC DEVIE IN HAND
A kid pauses to look at the camera as he is playing the Wii. 
A couple of kids playing a video game.
Computers and televisions sit in a row on an office desk.
A man and a woman holding a video game remote while playing it. 
Two men laughing while playing a video game. 
a lady holding a game controller and a man giving the rock on sign 
a group of people that are holding some beers
The entertainment room includes a television, instruments, game systems, and movies.
Some women and children are playing a video game with controllers.
A group of young children standing around a tv.
a table with a laptop and remote controls
Two boys with a sword, gun and teddy bear. 
some chairs are around a small desk in a room
A TV in a living room in front of a remote control.
A display of a remote and technology product on a monitor.
A girl is holding a controller with her hands
A female appears to be playing a video game.
A rock fireplace wall with built in television and wood receptacle
Two men play a video game in a large room.
Two people interacting with a video game system.
an entertainment center with a large television showing a space shuttle launch
Two guys play Wii while others look on.
There is a computer on the work desk.
A baby sitting with two remote controls. 
Little Asian girl holding a wii remote control.
A dog standing on top of a couch with his head facing the other direction .
A man sitting on a the ground holding a Nintendo Wii controller.
A woman and girl in a living room holding Wii remotes.
A man is standing in a cluttered living room.
a large office filled with computer items and papers
A desk that is cluttered and has two laptop screens.
Two men and a woman playing with a Wii controller.
a man holds a video game controller in the air 
A black and white cat sleeping with its head on top of a remote controller.
Several people playing Nintendo Wii in a home.
A man dressed in a suit against a red background.
A cute young girl standing holding a remote.
A couple of electronic devices stacked on each other.
A man and dog sleeping in a bed covered by a blanket. 
a living room with a big white couch on top of a rug 
A ball of gray yarn sits on a wooden table next to several remote controls.
A girl holds a video game controller in both hands making a funny face.
The living room in the house is empty of people.
Friends sit around a table full of empty bottles.
A BLACK CAT IS SITTING IN FRONT OF THE TV
A view of a bed with a red pillow on it.
A young man wearing a red sweatshirt is holding his Wii remotes. 
A computer that has a screen shot of the part of the desk that wouldl be missing
A living room with a glass coffee table, couch and television.
A WH device featuring a home button and other options.
A woman is lying on the couch with her laptop.
A group of people playing the Nintendo Wii with the television in the trunk of the vehicle.
a flat screen television sitting on a entertainment center
A cat sitting on a chair on top of a remote control.


A cat sitting on a desk next to a laptop, computer and a chair.
A dog curls up on a couch to go to sleep. 
A man and child playing video games indoors
A tan bed with various remotes, books and a bookshelf in background.
A woman pointing a Wii remote right at the camera
Simple silver remote being held out in front of a television. 
Three people standing in a room facing each other.
A beautiful young lady holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
The television has two candles lit on each side of it.
Large oak desk with laptop, keyboard, and pictures on shelves.
a man on a phone and two little girls playing a video game
A room with furniture and a wooden door.
A girl plays Wii bowling while several boys cheer her on.
A little girl holding a remote next to a woman reading a book.
A little girl on a bed holding a Wii remote and controller 
Two men are playing video games in a room
A man stands watching with a wii remote in his hand.
a game console featuring a well known game and two controllers
a living room with two black couches sitting by a coffee table
There are two men sitting on a couch playing video games
a big white bed that has lights all around
THIS IS A LARGE PLATE OF FOOD WITH A GLASS OF WINE
A table cluttered with a bunch of stuff.
A girl watching a tennis match in a neat living room.
Two cans sleeping on a towel on a chair.
a cat staring as a television plays in the back ground 
A cat laying on top of a couch with a blanket.
A group of young men are playing a video game.
A couple of men laying on top of a couch cuddling.
Two young men holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
An old man and young woman playing Wii 
A girl holding a wii remote looking forward
A man sitting at a table as he stares at his mobile phone.
A living area with a small table and a blue chair.
A woman sitting on the floor near a table
Some guys in a dark room playing a game on a big  TV.
An adorable little girl holding her hand over her mouth.
A living room filled with a brown couch and brown love seat.
The remote controls are placed on the side of the television.
Inside of a living room with a tv and shelving unit.
A man standing in front of a TV in a bedroom.
A woman eats a slice of pizza while watching TV.
A woman standing in a living room playing a video game with a remote.
A cat sleeping on a wooden floor surrounded by clutter.
a man with a girl playing a video game 
A couple of people standing in a living room holding game controllers.
A man standing next to a little girl.
This is a collection of many remote control devices arranged so that there is little space or no between them.
Small children wearing a cast holding up a Wii controller.
A white ferret laying its head on a remote control.
A dog laying on a cushion next to a bed and a night stand.
A girl and a boy playing Wii together.
A group of men standing around a living room holding Wii controllers.
A picture of a woman using a Wiimote next to an image of the Wii Tennis game
Two open laptop computers sitting on a wooden desk.
Adult man standing in room using remote control with game on video screen.
A couple of girls with remotes on a couch.
Two young children playing video games in pajamas.
Two friends are playing wii in the living room.
A man in a red-striped sweater swings a Nintendo Wii remote.
A little girl laying down on a bed.
A teenage girl wearing a lacy shirt is depicted with a game control in her hand.
Someone who is holding a device that hooks up to a computer.
Two people are holding an electronic device between them.
Several children in living area playing video games.
A group of people standing together in a living room.
Three people sitting at a table, two with laptops and the other writing on paper.
A close up of dozens of remote controls on a table.
Three men and one woman enjoying a game of wifit.
A man standing in front of a flat screen TV.
A little boy using a remote control and sitting on the floor.
A man and a woman sitting on a couch.
three children sitting playing nintendo wii with wheels
A dad and daughter playing a game together.
The boy holding the video game controller stands on his toes.
a lady is in the kitchen sitting down, while the photo is being taken from the living room
THRE ARE A GROUP OF PEOPLE PLAYING WII 
A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
Two men playing Wii Boxing and swinging their arms in a living room.
A boy with glasses sits on a couch while two other boys sit on a pillow as they hold white remotes.
A woman sitting next to a man on a couch.
A woman holding a controller to a game in her hand
Two men standing next to each other holding Wii controllers. 
A dirty living room with TV, computer, and video game systems.
A kitchen decorated with Christmas garlands and bows.
Several men standing up in a large room holding Wii controllers.
A man stands in front of a television while standing on a Wii Fit board.
A television and a table in a room.
An airplane with lots of small TV's sitting on the back of head rest.
Two people play Wii Sports while another watches the action.  
A cat laying down with a can and a remote.
There is a woman that is ayi g with the wii in her room
A stand with various tv and game equipment on it.
a couple of monitors are on a wood desk
A livin area with a small tv and small couch.
three women sitting on a leather chair playing the wii game 
A man in striped shirt playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A woman is holding Wii controllers in her hands.
Motel room with green carpet, chairs, bed, and windows open
A dorm room has christmas lights around its window.
A young girl is sitting on the floor on a cushion.
Christmas tree in far wall as child plays with rv
Computer screen with the keyboard and printer sitting next to it. 
Two persons in the room working with the mobile phones.
The people are playing a video game demonstration int he store.
A man sitting in a chair holding a Wii remote, smiling.
An older Asian couple dressed in red and blue play Wii in a living area.
A woman playing Wii in a room 
Two kids playing a wi in their living room
Three men are pictured standing together on a basketball court.
two people standing in a living room holding game controllers.
A young man that is sitting down and playing a game.
A man plays with a Wii remote controller
A living area with various couches, a fireplace and a television.
A group of people in a room with a remote.
A bicycle is in a living room next to some shelves.
A couple of young ladies enjoy playing Nintendo Wii together.
A smiling woman wearing glasses uses a Wii controller.
A dog standing in a den with a couch, chairs, table and television.
A mug, remotes, and books are on a coffee table.
A girl sitting on a futon couch while playing video games.
Group of people sitting in front of a television playing with a Wii. 
A woman that is sitting down holding a remote.
A panoramic view of a living room with a afire place
A desk with two laptops, a computer monitor and a telephone.
a small child and an older person playing guitar hero
a group of friends are gathered in a living room
A man holds different video game controllers in a unique photo.
a living room with a tv a book shelf and plants
A wooden table topped with a laptop computer and TV.
A room filled with computers and laptops on a desk.
A plate of food sitting on a table next to a fork and spoon.
two children playing nintendo wii in a living room
A man playing wii games with a woman.
Blurry photograph of three couples hanging out at home
A bedroom and couch with paper mache hanging on the wall.
A gaming console and accessories sit close together
The bedroom has lots of things but is well lit and has wood floors.  
The cat is holding a video game console controller.
A man is playing a video game in a living room.
Two men are playing a video game in the a living room.
two people are playing a video game and a television
White dog laying down with his head on an orange pillow.
A man plays a video game with a child, while a woman watches.
A woman is working on a craft project at her desk. 
A bedroom has a large white bed with a modern look.
A young boy sitting on a bed with a remote control in his hand.
A person checks their electronic device at the table.
A man talking on a cell phone holding a paper.
A woman in a room playing a video game
Two woman playing a video game in front of a couch and chair. 
A man and woman with game controllers playing a video game.
A woman standing in front of a picture with remotes in her hands.
A gray and white cat sitting behind a Wii remote.
a man using a laptop at the dining table
A group of people in a room visiting and drinking.
A cat lying next to a can of drink and a remote control.
A man is working on a laptop computer at a desk.
a guy in the suit pouints across the room
A black television remote sitting on the couch.
A person playing a wii video game in a room
A man sitting on the edge of a couch playing Wii
A man laying in a unmade bed with a remote in his hand.
A living room with a television, old computer and fan. 
Four people sitting down with Wii controllers and steering wheels.
Two men are playing a video game with a motion controller.
Two people are mimicking the position of a figure on a computer monitor
A woman bending down over a cake with candles.
A cat is sitting on a couch while leaning against the couch's arm.
People watch as a man plays video tennis.
Three people on their cell phones in black and white
two female hands and a black laptop and a camera and controller
A boy playing a video game holding a controller.
A couple playing Wii tennis in a small room
A man playing Wii while others watch 
A long green sofa in a room with wood flooring.
An open bag of chips and some remote controls.
A small room with a single size bed and a chair.
A Wii remote control sitting on table with another object.
A large living room with some very nice furniture.
Two people are playing a WII video game.
A remote that is being pointed at a television.
Two girls playing Mario Kart Wii on a TV.
Several bottles of water are on a night stand.
He stops to think as he holds a game controller in one hand and a wine glass in the other.
An image of a lap top and a computer on the desk
The man is holding up his chat pad in his hand
The happy couple are sitting on the couch watching television with eachother
Two friends are playing Nintendo Wii in their living room. 
They guy is watching an image on the projector.
Four children all girls playing video games on TV.
A bed with a black and white striped bedspread.
A desk with a computer and very large speakers.
Varying types of nerd paraphernalia arranged on an office desk
a living room with a white couch and a TV mounted to the wall 
Small black kitten laying its head down on a controller. 
A very blurry image of a person holding a remote.
An untidy desk with a laptop computer, printer, and various related items and papers.
Boys sit together watching the television and holding plates. 
Two kids standing in front of a book shelf.
A woman in a room playing a video game
Two men standing in front of a building with a remote control.
A room with a wooden floor, a heater and a office chair, a table and windows with curtains that are open.
A man and woman playing Wii in a living room.
a fat cat on a couch holding the remote
A group of people together that are holding remotes.
Friends playing Wii with each other in an office
A cat sleeping on someones lap in a living room
A desk in a office setting with a  large painting on the wall.
Several people use tools to repair the inside of a gaming controller.
A cat laying on a couch on top of a remote.
Man standing playing a game while and lady and man sit watching.
A brown tabby cat sleeping with it's head on a television remote control.
A woman and a man standing in a living room.
Two young men playing a WII game together.
Closeup of a remote on table with a television in the distance.
Two women who are playing video games with each other.
A person watches tv in a room with a couch and a laptop
A small living room with a large television, a couch and a fireplace.
A woman standing on a coffee table, arms outstretched
The boy smiles as he holds a video game remote in his hand.
The dog is looking at an old man on the couch.
A room of children, one of them is holding a gaming controller. 
there is a very large brown bed in this room
a bed well made with white bed cover
A red couch surrounded by several full bookcases.
Older people gather round the living room playing a Wii console
Young boy playing video games on the television. 
A man and boy playing a video game.
A person holding up a banana near a glass of milk.
Many small objects have been thrown onto the unmade bed.
A woman using the Wii exercise program with other people watching.
Two men sit on a couch and watch the tv.
three people on a brown couch two are playing a game
The guy and girls are playing a video game.
Two people playing wii in a living room. 
An older man sits, and looks at an over sized calculator.
A group of people playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
a little boy standing in the living room holding a wii mote tight 
Couple people sleeping on the couch while dud plays the Wii
A man using his Wii remote and looking at something.
We see the top of a woman's face looking back.
A man playing a game with a remote controller as another looks on.
a father and daughter are playing a nintendo wii game
a man that has a wii remote in his hand
Two men playing a game system in someone's living room.
Two women try out some kind of a corded device.
A man sitting on a chair, playing a video game using a remote control.
Even a geek can be occasionally stymied by technology. 
Long haired cat sitting on a table top while putting a paw into a coffee mug.
A room has brown carpet and a black futon.
Men standing in front of a tv watching Wii tennis.
A person holding a Nintendo Wii Remote Controller.
A man and woman on a green couch together and a teddy bear sitting next to them holding money in one hand and a coffee mug in the other hand.
A group of people together in a living room.
A rather blurry remote, with the channel and volume buttons are the only pieces very visible. 
A couple of men standing in front of a TV.
A child wearing goggles, watching the television as he holds a game controller.
A clock displayed on the wall above a table with a laptop on it
Some people playing a WII video game in a room.
Two small children playing a WII video game.
A man that is bent over touching a laptop.
There are four donuts in a plastic bakery container.
A large sized black Sony television remote control.
A living room setup with couch, tv, piano and decorations.
A flat widescreen TV on a stand with audio and video equipment.
A woman is playing with a Nintendo Wiimote.
A woman leaned back on a couch playing a game with a remote controller.
A group of girls play with a nintendo wii
A man standing with his eyes closed holding on to a Wii remote.
A laptop sitting on top of a bed.
A young boy who is playing a video game.
a man playing a game with his friends surrounding him.
A living room with hard wood flooring and a TV in the corner of a room.
Several people in living room watching a person holding remote play video game.
A white bathroom with a tv and phone
Some very cute girls sitting with a guy on a couch.
Man standing, playing a Wii video game in a living room.
The boys never make their beds or clean their room.
two boys are playing a video game and people are watching
a person playing nintendo wii in front of a tv
a guy playing Wii in his brightly decorated room 
A man sitting on a bed plays a video game with his baby. 
A man holding his child while sitting on a couch.
A man looking ahead with a woman sitting on a sofa holding a remote
A remote control is resting on a table.
some people are watching a male and female playing a video game
Display of antique furniture inside a decorative floral designed living room.
A room that has a couch surrounded by two shelving units.
A young girl scrunches up her face as she holds a video game remote.
Two young boys standing up in a clasroom
A flat screen TV sits next to a box of tissues and a remote control.
a small girl is laying in bed holding a video game controller
an older woman playing nintendo wii near other people
A dog is on its back next to a remote control
A waiting room with a sofe, easy chair and reading material.
Person with a device sitting in a living room.
A man and a young boy play a video game in their living room
a few people that are sitting on a mattress 
Three people near wood table and green chair looking down.
Person sitting on top of a red couch holding a beer in their hand. 
A group of people who are in a living room and playing a video game.
Two woman playing a video game while a man watches.
The dorm room is empty, but is also very clean.
An iPod is charging on a desk with the ear buds laying close by
a cat is sitting on a table looking at a dog thats on tv
This is two people competing in a fighting game through the Nintendo Wii.
A wii game system is sitting on a small table.
A young girl in a dance move pose pointing up.
Brown dog sitting in mans lap with a television next to it.
Two men in a small living room are playing with the Wii.
A man in glasses holding a television remote control. 
an office decorated with a flower stencil and many potted plants across a window.
A man plays a Nintendo Wii video game. 
Cat laying on a laptop on a bed.
There is a cat laying on a couch
the tv is at the bottom of the bed
A remote is attached upside down to something
A stereo and the remote control on a table
A young man and a young woman play a video game.
Man and woman standing while playing the same video game.
A group of people standing and holding wii remotes.
Two men that are standing with remotes in front of a television.
A group of people standing in a room with a remote in one mans hand.
A man sitting on the couch raising his hand.
A young man laying on a bed holding a remote control.
A woman standing with a remote in her hand.
A man is watching television in a loft type apartment.
a girl levitation in front of a window and a girl watching tv 
Small boy sitting on the ground holding up a Wii controller. 
a white cat sleeping on  some papers on a table
The boy is sitting on a coach holding on to a remote
A woman holding a Nintendo Wii remote starting intently at the screen.
A dead tagged bird being weighed in a cup.
A large couch sits in front of a television and entertainment center. 
A small child asleep with a remote in her hand.
A boy playing a game with a remote controller.
A dog laying on a bed with its head on a remote.
A man sitting on a living room floor holding a game control.
an ugly coach in a room filled with ugly furniture
A green plant brightens up a barely furnished living room.
A man in an office playing some type of game on a television.
A man is playing the Wii in a room of people.
White desktop computer sitting in front of a red chair. 
Two men in a room with open doors, both holding their cell phones up.
A man  holding an electronic device behind his back.
Electronic equipment including a keyboard on a desk.
Boy and girl playing video game in living room.
A person sitting down playing a video game.
a couple of people are playing video games on a coach
a girl in glasses is sitting at a laptop
Two people sitting on a couch holding video game controllers.
A laptop sitting on a table with pictures and drinks sitting around it.
two girls are playing a video game 
Two men are playing Wii in the living room.
A living room with a grey couch and computer desk.
People sitting around a table with open laptops
A couple of men holding Wii game controllers.
A guy is standing in his living room playing the Wii on his big screen.
A cat with a remote control, a smart phone and a few other items on it's back.
Something has caught the attention of the man and the woman, and they turn to the left.
A very nicely decorated living room with a great view outside. 
Three screens with Johnny Depp in image with white wall
An Asian man stands under an outdoor awning. 
an image of a living room setting with a Christmas decor
A couple playing the Wii together in their living room. 
Two friends are gathered to play the wii.
Two woman playing a game in a hallway.
A person stands up to play wii while others watch.
Two men and a women all sitting close together , 
A man sits and reads a book next to a television.
A man watches TV in a room full of files.
an adult helping a child play nintendo wii
A person holding a remote controller by a box.
a cat is sitting on a couch in a room
two people in a room looks to be playing wii game.
This photo depicts a Wii controller standing up.
a remote control next to a white toilet bowl.
A girl in pink dress playing a game with  Nintendo Wii controller.
A granite counter top with a sink is centered in a kitchen with a stove, cabinets, microwave, and a framed vintage advertisement for bicycles on the wall in the background.
Older woman on the couch holding up a Wii driving remote
A cat watches a small animal on a television screen.
A woman is watching a little girl put a controller in her mouth.
A laptop computer with an external monitor on a very neat desk.
There is a computer set up on a book shelf
Bedside table with phone and book next to bed.
There is only room for one person to sit in the chair.
A couple of men holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
A man looking facetiously holding an Almanac and typing something on a laptop.
A man playing Wii bowling in front of a television.
A man who is playing a video game.
A boy in a hat is smiling while holding a Wii controller. 
Two standing young women in a living room holding Wii controls.
Two men playing the Wii on a projector.
A Christmas ornament of a brown reclining chair.
A couch, coffee table, book stand, lamp and photos on the wall.
Two women are playing a game on the Wii.
An empty sofa sitting in a room with a slanted ceiling.
a bed a lamp on a night stand and a window
Three computer monitors on a bench two powered on.
a desk with more than one computer on it 
an image of a group of kids that are in a classroom 
A woman sitting on a wooden floor holding a Wii game controller.
A young boy playing a WII game with device and platform
A WOMAN IS MAKNG CUP CAKES IN THE KITCEHN WITH A CHILD LOOKING
there is a beige couch and orange pillows in this living room
A bed inside a bedroom next to a nightstand.
Two people sitting on a couch holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
A couch is looking quite dark with the blinds down. 
A dog on a bed with a surprise looked on its face.
A living room with elegant furnishings and glass doors opening onto a large patio.
Video game remote wrapped around a bottle of wine
A group of people sitting on the couch playing the Nintendo Wii.
Living room decor with couch, love seat, recliner, and TV.
Man sitting in a chair leans forward holding a controller in his hands. 
A man plays Wii at an apartment living room
A television monitor is shown in an office area.
A young man pointing a white controller ahead of him.
Boy standing in front of television holding a game controller while watching the t.v.
A woman standing up in a room and holding a Wii video game controller in her hand.
An older boy and a young boy are playing a video game.
Three children holding remote controllers sitting on the floor.
A young child holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
A dog sitting at a table in front of a plate
A woman is holding a NIntendo Wii Remote.
A man standing next to a woman in a  building.
Two women standing, playing a video game in a darkened room.
A woman holds video game controllers while her children sit in front of her.
three kids one in blue playing video game
THERE IS A WHITE WII CONNSOLE AND GAME ON THE TABLE
Two young children playing the Nintendo Wii U.
An electronic device setup with red, blue, and green lights.
Two people are aiming controllers at the television set while other sit on the sofa watching.
A cat is making himself comfy next to the remotes.
A fireplace with a mirror above is in the background and a couch is in the foreground. 
a living room with some black furniture and a colorful rug 
A living room with brown furniture and a lot of pillows.
Two women on leather sofa with laptops next to a coffee table.
Two boys playing a video game and a woman standing next to a bookcase. 
A Nintendo Wii video game system on display in front of a television.
a man in a living room playing a game with a wii mote 
A white cat is sitting on a laptop
A cat laying down with a remote control placed on top of it.
A man sitting on a couch playing a game system.
LIVING ROOM WITH COUCH, TABLE, END TABLE, LAMP, PHONE, AND MIRROR
A small boy playing a game with another person on a wii .
A living room with couch, table, and mirror.
a lady that has a remote in her hand 
there are three men playing a video game together 
An Apple computer on a cluttered desk with a PSP.
a living room with furniture and a flat screen tv
A cat is lying on a chair next to a remote control and cell phone.
A woman wearing a hat sits on a couch next to two brown and black, long haired dogs.
This living room has grey couches and a black table
a guy holding a Wii controller over his head
A keyboard, a remote control, and two circuit boards with wires, all on top of a map.
Two men sit on a couch working with their laptop computers.
Two men are standing up playing a video game.
Living room with pine paneling and a gold ceiling fan.
A bag with a computer and quilt sits on a table.
A cluttered living room table is pictured in this image.
A bedroom filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.
An older male is standing in the room of a house with what appears to be a Wii controller in his hand.
A clean living room with a blanket on the couch and the drapes drawn.
A suitcase on a chair filled with many clothes.
there is a small tv and coffee table in the living room
A can sitting in a window and in front of an air conditioner.
A person is holding a remote control in their hand.
A sectional sofa with white covers sits in front of a television set in the living room.
The person is standing on a video game balance board in front of a television. 
A young man is sitting in front of the tv playing Wii.
A couple plays a video game while two other people look on.
Two women playing video games that are on tv screen.
there is a orange tabby sitting on a couch next to a remote
a close up of two nintendo wii remotes
A child walking next to a bed while another child sleeps on it.
A man sits on a couch with a child holding a remote
A woman standing in a room with a remote.
two people standing next to one another playing nintendo wii
A wooden desk covered in laptop computers and monitors.
Four young men, standing up, playing a video game.
A person is looking at a television holding a Wii controller.
An office cubicle with a laptop and desktop on a desk 
A young boy standing in front of a TV playing video games
A living room with a fire place and a tv on a stand.
A few kids playing a video game with a remote controller.
A few people playing a game with a remote controller.
a couple of women play a video game 
A man and a woman are playing a Wii game while a woman sits on the couch with a wine glass in her hand.
A messy living room with desk, television, and couch.
a man that has a sink and a t.v. on the wall
A party with friends gathered at a table and two men playing an interactive video game on a PC.
A child's bedroom with an overstuffed chair, a rag rug, and pictures on the walls.
Group of men playing video game in conference room.
A person holding a controller aiming it at a tv.
A woman holding a TV remote in a living room.
A calico cat laying on a glass plate near a computer mouse.
A bedroom with white walls and some wooden fixtures.
A woman is holding a baby and playing video games
A man watching television while surrounded by photographers.
A family watches television in a small living room.
A group of boys in living room with television and couch.
a man is playing video games on a television
Shot of living area that includes chairs, a couch, a coffee table and a television.
Two young women compete in a video game using a wii remote.
a man standing in the living room while playing with a wii mote 
A young man is sleeping in bed with a dog and remote control.
A room with two computers and a television perched on a file cabinet.
Two pictures of a Bible on a table.
A person that is playing a video game in a room here
A woman standing on something while playing a video game. 
A man and a woman holding video game controllers.
A man and a woman are preparing large trays of food.
A couple of beds are in a hotel room
Two cats sitting on couch and table with multiple remote controls.
A group of people playing video games at a video tournament
Two men smile while playing a video game.
a couple playing wi with controls and having fun 
Two people holding gadgets in both of their hands.
A man in a yellow striped shirt playing a video game
The young woman is playing a game on her Wii.
A man playing a video game at what appears to be a video game convention
An oak table and chairs in a dining room, with an open doorway into the kitchen.
Four adults play on a wii in a bulding
A woman with a remote playing a game
there is a man that is holding the tv remote
A woman with her arm elevated in the air playing WII.
Two girls are really into playing the Wii.
A small child having fun playing a video game console.
There are no image to describe on this page..
A big screen TV and a video game system sit on a table.
A living room with a brick fireplace and oak furniture
Several people watch while 4 play Wii game.
A man and a young boy sitting on a couch.
A look at a patient laying in a hospital bed.
A couple of people holding laptops with a cat sitting between them.
a man is playing nintendo wii in his living room
a couple of people that are playing the wii
A older woman sits on a couch holding a remote.
People sit in a living room playing a video game.
Two men in a room holding wii remotes.
a cat is laying under a sheet next to a laptop
The man in a white t-shirt is holding a video game remote control.
A women laying on her back playing with the dog .
A boy and a girl play a video game together.
A yellow wall features a monitor and some electrical equipment.
People sitting on a couch holding wii remotes.
A man with a beard is playing wii with a pink controller.
A child plays a video game, while others watch.
A person is opening a Wii system while an interested cat observes
A man in black holding a video game remote
A woman with a wii controller close up with a man in the distance
A small child wearing a hat plays a video game.
A woman standing in a living room next to a Christmas tree.
The people seem to be playing a golf video game. 
Various electronics are laid out on a floor.
All white furniture is featured in this small living room
A person sitting on a couch with a remote.
A supplement container and remote on a stool.
An entertainment center with a small television monitor, remotes, and books.
A woman with a tattoo playing the Wii.
The living room has a large television and a couch in the corner.
a little  boy playing video bowling on a television
A room with a couch, chairs, tables and curtains. 
A black cat is laying with a game controller
A laptop is sitting on someone's lap with a dog laying down nearby.
This photo displays a messy desk that has two laptops on it among many other things.
All the contents of a video game console have been unpacked from a box.
An iPhone, remote control and a video game controller.
The man and woman are playing video games.
A man standing on a white board with a wii control
A young man is playing wii in a messy living room.  
A sidewalk that has people walking down it near cars.
A pair of men playing a game with some remote controllers.
there are two woman laughing and playing a video game
there is a small table that has a small tv on it
A bed nicely made with two lamps on the sides
Some guys playing a video game on a big screen.
a small group of people playing with a wii remote
A checkered colorful quilt is spread nicely over a bed.
There is a colorful living room shown her ok.
A living room that has wooden shelves with many movies on them.
a lady that has a wii remote in her hand
A chair sitting next to a flat screen TV.
A woman is sitting on a couch watching television.
a man playing video game in a disorganized house
The small child is sitting in front of the computer monitor.
a living room with a table and a white couch 
A couple is in a living room with remote controls.
A small child in pajamas is holding the remote control.
A man standing in a living room, playing a video game with a remote.
A young woman smiling holding a video game remote
A women who is holding a steering wheel, possibly for a video game.
A table with a lamp next to apples sitting on top of each other.
A man who is standing in an area with grass and trees.
A close-up of a couch with two large blankets on it.
A young baby on the couch holding a remote
A messy desk with a laptop computer, cell phone, and lots of wires.
A large plateful of cheese pizza is on a tablecloth.
A man using a remote to play a video game.
A cluttered living room is seen in this image.
A couple of guys playing a video game together.
A beautiful young girl playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
A girl is sitting in a black chair playing the wii while another guy looks on. 
The people are eating spaghetti and drinking wine at the table.
A group of remotes, envelopes and water bottles on an end table.
A girl is dancing in a pink skirt.
A crowded living room with a sofa, chair with foot rest, and several other items of decoration and furniture in it.
A family in a living room playing a video game.
A young man dressed in black playing a video game.
A bed that is sitting in front of a window.
A man and women are playing a video game.
The living room has a large screen television and entertainment center at one end.
A wooden table with a remote control that reads "control a woman."
A spliced picture of a couple of electronics.
A wine glass and bottle on a black coffee table near a black couch.
A bowl of noodles and a plate of meat.
The man sits cross legged while typing on a laptop.
The man has two remotes in his hand. 
Two men in a break-room playing video games together.
A man that is standing in front of a television.
A flat screen TV sitting next to a Christmas tree.
A young man sitting on a chair on the side of a road.
An open laptop sitting on top of a a seat in front of a red couch in a living room.
A cat is in a dimly lit room on a bed.
A television and a laptop computer in a room.
Some friends are having fun playing a game on a video game console. 
two guys playing a video game using wii motes 
a close up of a camera over a bed 
A girl sits on a couch absorbed in a video game.
There is a room with various items in the picture.
A man with a remote control in a living room.
This interesting  food platter features browned vegetables with fruit, all covered with a sauce.
Two children in a room playing video games
Two women standing next to each other in a living room.
There's a remote control attached to a car dashboard
A man and woman are playing a video game together.
A group of men playing video games while standing.
Two people look at each other as they play Wii in their living room.
A young man & woman interact with a flat screen television.
A man wearing a jacket, glasses and holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
A plastic bottle of water is sitting on a granite counter top.
A fridge, couch, and chair in a room with a window.
A vase sitting on a kitchen table surrounded by chairs next to a living room.
Three young men are playing a video game.
Two people in front of a screen with a Wii remote.
Two men playing Wii standing behind their couch
Man wearing black Adidas shirt laughing while holding an electronic device.
Woman in bloody costume using a laptop and sitting on a couch.
a man playing a video game in his living room.
A wooden floor that has a coffee table with a book and candles and a brown sofa.
A crowd watches a young man use a guitar video game remote.
Two boys are sitting down holding controls in their hands.
A black cat sits on a desk next to a laptop.
three cats laying on a couch in a room 
A king sized bed in a hotel room. 
A room with a large television and other furniture.
A triple framed window in a small room with a bookshelf in it.
Someone holding a wii remote control with the strap around his wrist
A black cat sits next to a person at a computer desk.
Two people playing with an interactive gaming unit, in a living room.
A couple of men standing in a room by televisions.
Three women are actively playing a video game in front of a crowd.
Two people are shown playing a Wii game.
two people standing next to an indoor plant playing nintendo wii
a living room with a couch a chair and table
a group of tv remotes and a wii mote lined up
Several electronic gadgets lay on a wooden surface.
A cat sits on a computer desk with two monitors and a laptop.
White people looking ridiculous playing wii and drinking beer.
Two men standing near each other playing wii
A wii remote sitting on a table with remote covers on both sides of it.
a tv remote turned toward the tv with it on 
a man wearing white sunglasses holding a game controller
A living room with a flat screen TV next to a couple of chars.
Two men play a Wii game with their Wii motes held high.
A living room has sofas, chairs and a tv stand
A bottle of water sitting next to lamp and remote.
A young woman is playing with a video game.
A hand holding a remote control aimed at a flat screen TV.
A man and woman play Wii while a man enthusiastically watches.
A living room sits with furnishing and a view of the city.
A cat sits on top of a lady under a quilt on a couch
Two men are playing a game with controllers in a living room.
A cellphone and remote control on top of an astronomy book.
Two college women sit on the couch in their dorm.
A black and white cat with a mustache sitting next to remote controls.
a plate with a knife two tomatoes and a yellow laptop
two women standing around and playing a wii game
Four people, three electronic devices, a little conversation
A preteen boy playing a game with the Wii controller.
Men at an office appear confused by a presentation.
A group of kids playing video games on chairs
a dining room table with a laptop and scattered papers sitting on it
A small boy is holding a remote in a room.
A pizza sitting in its box on top of a stove.
Several women in a room watching a woman with a remote.
A man in a kitchen cutting bread for sandwiches.
A man sitting on a couch and watching television.
A man looks intent as he plays a video game.
A group of people in a room playing game with Nintendo Wii controller.
Sitting room with couch and entertainment system in cabinets.
Remotes and calculators laid out on the table in rows
a clean kitchen with white cabinets and black appliances
Legos and a remote control sit next to each other.
A woman waving her hands standind on top of a bed.

There are two women playing the Wii on Christmas.
A man sits on a couch between two women holding a frisbee. 
A older man is smiling and playing video games
A bedroom with a lot of dream catchers and a dog sitting on the bed.
Man sitting on bed with a small child that is holding a Wii controller. 
A young person standing in front of a TV holding a game controller.
A merchant is standing by a display of items.
A crowd of boys standing around all casually dressed.
A small living room has a couch and tv
A living room suit has brown leather furniture with wood tables. 
An un-occupied living room with a book shelve filled with many books.
Several people are intent on their video games.
A male sitting on a couch with a remote control in his hand eating. 
Woman in living room using Wii remote and smiling
Laptop and monitor displayed on white desk in small area.
A man swings his arm while playing on a Wii. 
A hand holding a video game controller with their left hand.
A person sitting cross-legged with a laptop in their laps.
A man and a woman standing in front of a TV playing a video game.
Two men and child prepare to play a game while two women read.
A living room filled with furniture and a large window.
A man is playing a game sitting next to a little girl.
A woman on a couch with a baby playing Wii
One boy is sitting while another boy is standing in their living room.
Two young boys in front of a television playing a video game.
A bedroom with a bed and other furniture and decor. 
A computer desk sits in the corner next to a dresser.
a little girl in a pink dress holding a wii mote
Living room with couch, chair, tv, and lamp.
two woman stand and play the WII 
a Sony silver and white controller and its opened up into four separate pieces
A pile of Nintendo Wii game controllers sitting on a hard wood floor.
A Victory Hop Devil Ale next to a remote controller.
A little boy is happy to be playing a game with the girl.
An old woman and a boy standing holding Wii controllers.
A woman holding up the peace sign and remote controllers.
Baby dressed in red with remote control in hand.
A woman standing in a den holding a remote controller.
A woman cutting a birthday cake on a tray.
A dog laying down with its stomach exposed.
Three computers sit next to each other on a table. 
The television in the room is turned off.
a table top with a candy bar and back pack on it 
I am unable to see an image above.
A man in a suit is sitting in a chair holding a remote.
A hand reaching for a Nintendo Wii controller and packet of information.
a cat laying on a big couch watching tv
A person holding a white controller in their hand.
A small motorcycle model is resting on a black pedestal.
A woman relaxing on a brown recliner in her living room.
A bedroom with a laptop on a computer desk next to a bed
A man standing over a laptop with a remote.
A open living room with many pieces of large furniture.
Two men play Wii in the living room.
A living room with a lit holiday tree standing in a corner.
A man and woman play a video game while others watch.
A room with a TV and stuffed animals as well as a couch and a red door.
An old man plays a game on a tv set
A person sitting on a couch next to a cat and holding a remote.
A den with couches, chairs, a table and a television.
A person throws his arm as he plays a video game.
Some guys playing a Wii on a game system .
Two women hold controllers as they play a video game.
A desk with a computer monitor and keyboard, and set of audio speakers behind the monitor.
Two people playing a video game in front of the TV.
Woman looking out the window from an upper floor living room.
Two people playing some kind of video game 
A multiple colored cat sitting with a TV remote.
A kitchen sink and countertop in a small kitchen.
A woman a girl with game controllers standing in front of a sofa.
A man standing in a room holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
A woman playing on a Wii system with a little girl.
three people watching something and one holding a remote sontrol
A young child swings a video game remote as an adult kneels behind her.
A group of people playing with the Nintendo Wii.
a kitchen island and two brown bamboo window shades.
Woman in a santa hat plays with a Wii-mote. 
A cat eating some food on a plate on a desk.
A man and a woman sitting on a couch with a little boy.
A large dog jumps on the man on the couch.
The interior of a hotel room with a laptop on a countertop. 
A man holding tie devices in his hands while he looks at his laptop.
a woman with a wii remote in her hand and a door in the background
A sandwich has a knife sticking out of it, along with other food and drinks.
A dark living room with a coach and chairs
A small living room has furniture and a fire place
A couple of young children playing a game on the Nintendo Wii.
It's a Nintendo Wii break in this office on most workdays.
a big group of t.v. remotes on a table
People watch as a man plays a boxing video game in a building
Small children are playing a video game while others watch.
The front door of the house is in front of a stair case leading up. 
Two pictures hang above a bed with a lamp on. 
Outdoor booth with people playing Wii Tennis in it.
A very young child holding a remote in its hand.
A toddler sleeping on a couch with a video game controller in his hand.
The living room has couches, a television, a table, and a blue ball.
A computer desk topped with a computer and a keyboard.
A man pointing a Wii remote at his console. 
A man looking at a computer game on the counter
A Wii controller is being held in someone's hand.
A living room has a fireplace and bookcases in it.
Four people playing Wii in a living room 
An L-shaped couch in a living room with a coffee table.
this man is enjoying playing a video game
A desk with a Mac computer, a lamp, and other things on it.
A living room with sleek  furniture and tv on the wall.
A man in front of a television playing a game.
Video game controls, software and accessories on a table
There is a small child sitting on the sofa in the living room
A home studio is set up for music, video and web usage.
Man about to perform task on Nintendo Wii.
Four people sitting on a couch playing the Nintendo Wii.
Two people laughing in a living room area
A young boy holding a remote control standing in front of a TV.
Two women playing wii in a living room.
Two women standing and playing a video game on a television.
a stuffed rat holding a WII mote asking if anyone is for tennis
A man playing on a game system in his living room.
A pizza box is opened to show a pizza topped with pepperoni.
A serious looking man pointing a game controller.
A living room filled with wood flooring and a flat screen TV mounted to it's wall.
A woman sitting on a kitchen counter drinking a glass of wine
the man is standing in the dark, holding game controllers.
A couple of guys with remotes in a room.
a boy standing in a living room holding a game controller.
A woman holding a gaming steering wheel controller.
A adult holding a child biting into a remote.
this is a man playing a video game at home
A pile of video game equipment is shown on tile.
Several young adults are playing a video game.
A TV room is shown with a white sectional couch, and a fireplace.
Cat sitting on a maroon couch behind a coffee table.
a woman is playing a game with her friends 
Young adults playing with a Nintendo Wii in room
A person holding an iced donut in front of a tv.
A man and woman playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
A man and woman on a couch playing games
some people sitting down and two people standing playing nintendo wii
A man holding up a Wii remote control in his hand.
a living room with a couch some chairs and a tv
A person standing in a room with a remote.
a Nintendo Wii controller with a green case
A very big nice looking room with many windows.
There is a flat screen tv and a wii consume under neath jt
A beautiful young blonde dressed in a tennis outfit.
A group of animals laying on top of a bed with laptops.
Two children are sitting on a sofa playing video games.
A TV sitting on top of a wooden table near a remote.
A living room with two red chairs on front of a television set.
A blue chair is next to a neatly made large bed.
two people standing up playing nintendo wii in front of a group of people
a close up of a table with many different old cell phones
A cat leans on the remote control for a nap.
A woman and two men are looking into the distance as they hold something.
A person is using a Wii game controller shaped like a wheel.
A child uses a pretend guitar to play a video game.
A gray cat has its paw wrapped around a Wii remote control.
Two guys are playing a video game while a cat watches.
A counter that has a rounded edge with shelves
Beer and video games may not be a good mix.
A living room contains various baby objects and a TV
Picture of what might be a TV remote control and a distorted picture in the front.
A man holding a game controller in front of a flat screen TV.
A television sitting on top of a television stand. 
A person holds a remote and points it toward a TV with a large flower pot wit colorful flowers in it
A man and woman standing in front of a television.
older man playing video game in living room
A desktop computer, extra monitor, television, and laptop are arranged in a workstation.
A person plays on a laptop in a living room. 
a hotel room with 2 beds a tv a dresser a desk and a chair
There is a man and a woman sitting on a couch together
A man sitting down, playing a video game with a remote.
A group of people play Nintendo Wii together.
A cozy room features a couch with a white cover a table with a keyboard and monitor and a white table as well as two shelves.
two people standing in a living room and holding game controllers.
A Wii video game system sitting on a glass desktop.
A couch and table in a large room.
The woman and man are playing video games together. 
Sleeping quarters with a small bed and television
a small boy standing on a rug in the living room
An empty kitchen with empty dark wooden cabinets.
A cabin's den with hardwood walls and entertainment system
Six remote controls arranged around one video control remote.
A woman standing in front of a t.v. holding a Wii controller
Two men and a lady are sitting on a couch while another man watches them from the corner.
Three people lounge in a living room in front of the television.
A person holding a Wii video game controller.
a group of friends, two girls and a man, looking at a wiimote.
A gentleman playing with a video game controller.
shelves with books a television set a table a cat and a clock
An elderly man in a sweater shaking exercise equipment in his home.
A living room has a patio with a table on it.
a person in a white shirt and a black car and a video game
A man holding a Wii game controller in his hands.
there is paneling on the wall in this living room.
A remote and a clock on a table.
A man on a couch plays a video game while another man watches.
A man is holding a Wii controller and standing in front of a TV.
a person standing up in a living room playing nintendo wii
A woman smiles as she holds out a Wii controller.
A woman holding a remote in her hand and pressing a button.
A group of men standing around a living room.
A woman lying on a bed with her phone next to her.
A child holding a remote in his hand. 
A living room with furnitre, rugs, accessories, and a fireplace.
Five different sized remotes are arranged near each other.
LIttle dogs lying together on a couch 
A woman reaches down to pick up a video game control.
Group of girls standing in living room holding Wii remotes while others watch
A red chair with a blue pillow on it next to a lamp
There is a brightly colored room with two beds in it.
Two people standing up and playing the Wii.
A photo of two people sitting on a couch, one playing the Wii.
A white table topped with different electronics devices.
Two people play with the Wii game system in front of a TV.
Several people that are playing video games together.
The key chain the man is holding is in the shape of a video game controller. 
Black-and-white image of a living room with a cat in a sunny window and pops of red in a chair cushion and amaryllis.
A CAT SITTING ON A BOARD GAME THAT IS ON TOP OF A COFFEE TABLE
Two young girls laying on a floor watching tv
A child with a Wii controller in his hand and a couple of adults in the background.
Two women are dancing with video game remotes.
A black bowl on a wooden table with a ceramic bird placed inside it
A large dog is lying on the bed at the hotel
A woman using her laptop is sitting on a bed.
People at a party standing and sitting watching tv.
A new white keyboard and a mouse still in the box.
A lady standing in a living room playing a video game.
Two women play a game on a video game console
A man and woman playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
The coffee table in the living room has a hookah on it.
a man standing next to a plant with red flowers on it 
Two young children play a Wii game in front of a television.
a woman in a black shirt and a man are playing a video game
A person holding a Wiimote as they create a game avatar.
A boy wearing glasses concentrating on playing Wii.
Group of people standing in a living room playing a game together. 
This living room has two different colored couches and a brown coffee table
guys in a living room playing a wii bowling game
A young girl holding a Wii controller setting on a chair.
A couple of guys playing video games inside
A young boy wearing a cap plays with the remote control.
Two woman playing with Wii remotes and a man in short shorts sitting in a chair watching.
A man holding two video game controllers near a window. 
A woman sticking her tongue out and doing the "shocker" hand sign.
two men playing video games in the kitchen
One guy is sitting on a guy's legs and holding his wrist.
A man vigorously playing Wii in a child's room
A man in blue shirt laying on bed next to a remote.
A tiny college dorm room with a single bed, computer desk, bookshelves, a microwave, and Japanese artwork.
Two donuts are on a tray with breakfast drinks.
2 men stand in a room holding video game controllers
A picture of a freshly made bed in a hotel room.
The happy couple holding the video game controllers have a contest to see which can make the stupidest looking facial expression.
A cardboard box man next to a card board box child.
A clean, modern living room with furniture and flat screen tv
Two women are playing a video game in a room with a couch.
A wall with a door with coats on it in the center, chest with a painting on it to the right, and a stand with a tv on it to the left
two brown and white dogs and some people and a table
A living room with couch, chairs and a table.
Hand wearing the strap holding a video game remote.
A white remote sits on a purple bed.
A man and woman standing while the man has a video game remote in his hand. 
A man is asleep in bed with a laptop open on his lap.
A person holds a video game remote as another man looks on.
A table consisting of a keyboard, remotes, ipod, and cell phones all laying next to each other.
People are around a dining room table with dishes on it.
Two people move their arms quickly as they play a video game.
a lady that is sitting down playing some wii
A picture of a full living room with a woman lying on the couch reading.
Two men eagerly looking at the screen on a laptop.
A cat sleeps next to a remote control.
A man and boy are sitting on a couch.
Two men play a video game with wireless controllers. 
An elderly woman is holding a wii remote.

A laptop sitting on a stand on top of a desk.
a close up of a remote control on a luggage bag
A living room with PlayStation controllers on the table.
Two men play on the Wii game console.
Bathroom sinks and a mirror lit by sunlight coming through a small window.
a man is holding a video game controller 
A little boy is playing a WII video game.
A woman plays a game with a controller.
Photo of the top of a standard Nintendo Wii controller. 
SIX ADULTS STANDING AROUND A TV WATCHING SOMETHING
Picture of a remote next to a black box that reads lenovo
a couple of people play a video game 
A living room with a bookcase, sofa and coffee table.
A man is pointing a Wii remote at the camera
A room with log walls has a couch, chair, fireplace, and television.
A boy playing wii bowling in a living room
Some people are having a good time playing game. 
A small child playing with a remote control for a television.
The young woman is hiding in the corner under a basket.
some people sitting two people standing playing nintendo wii
a sandwich a fork and two soda pops
A crowded kitchen has warped cabinet doors and drawers.
A living room is lit by open window curtains.
A bagged remote control on a wooden surface.
A bunch of electronics and writing utensils displayed on a bedroom floor. 
A woman and a boy watching a television set in a big room.
A woman holding a Wii controller with her eyes closed.
Two computer screens are glowing in a dim room.
there are two woman that are playing a video game
there is a orange tabby sitting at a computer desk
a bed is in the middle of a room
a person standing in a living room playing nintendo wii 
A little puppy laying down next to a remote.
A couch with a cat on it next to a table and chair.
a desk with a keyboard a mouse and monitors
A very hairy white man celebrating with his wii remotes.
A hand holding a green electronic remote control.
A woman standing in front of a TV next to a window.
a man in glasses holding a remote playing video games
Small child sitting in front of a television holding a controller. 
A keyboard, iPads and recording equipment on a desk.
The people are playing video games together in the room. 
Two hands, one with a ring, hold an electronic gadget.
A brown cat with legs on the remote 
Two people playing an interactive Wii like video game on a television.
People in a room with chairs performing a physical activity.
A black chair and remote facing a wall of televisions.
A woman sitting in a room with a couch, piano, a rug and a table.
Two women play a video game while another woman looks on.
A man holding a wii remote with friends.
A hotel room done in dark wood and grey
A woman laying on a couch while talking on a phone.
a red and black suitcase a table a couch and a picture
A young man setting between some young women on a couch playing video games.
Laptop computer on table at indoor event with audience seated.
a person holds on to a cell phone 
A woman standing next to another woman in front of a TV.
The sunny room features a contemporary  clean design.
A meal on a napkin with an alcoholic drink. 
Woman hugging her remote control for a video game console.
There is a projection screen set up in the living room.
a person laying down and a person standing playing nintendo wii
A living room with sheets covering the couch 
Two woman stand while holding Wii remote controls.
a man holding a tray with a laptop on his lap
A living room area with two chairs and a couch. 
an all white living room with brick wall
a table with a keyboard a wallet and a few other items
Two young women playing an active video game.
A desk with a torn chair, keyboard, monitor and mouse.
A group of people sitting around a living room in front of a TV.
a close up of a person playing nintendo wii
a little recorder sitting on top of a microphone 
An electronics shop has a large amount of cell phone parts on display.
 A person holding a video game remote and playing.
A woman playing a game with a remote controller.
The street crowd is headed to the winter event.
Open window letting in light into a white kitchen. 
a cat is looking at a television with birds on it
Two women playing a video game in a living room.
Various snowboards laying down on a wooden floor.
a man is on his computer while working
An older woman standing up in a room with a Wii video game controller in her hands.
Two children standing in a room playing games
A television hangs on a wall in a dark room.
A person is holding up a television remote.
a living room with a big long couch in the middle 
A boy holding a controller playing a video game.
Several people standing in front of TV's with wii remotes in their hands.
some people sitting in chairs playing a video game
Two dogs are laying on a couch 
A person is playing a game with a controller.
three people are sitting on a couch and two are playing a video game
A boy and a girl playing what looks like the WII.
There is a laptop and a computer on the desk.
Two young men holding Nintendo Wii controllers 
Yarn, fabric, remote controls, and a book on a sofa.
A brown chair has a remote, laptop, phone and yellow pillow on it as it sits in a corner.
Man in glasses lying on bed with a black cat resting on his chest.
A small TV is seen sitting on a table. 
Two young boys play a game console on a couch.
Several men in a room with brick walls watch a screen while one man holds a remote.
The people are playing video games together. 
Two men standing in a living room area in front of a television and playing a video game together.
Two boys playing a video game beside a window.
A man is sitting on the couch holding a cat.
A girl playing a game with a remote controller as another looks on.
Three young men in a living room playing a video game.
a cantaloupe on a counter top with a tv remote
Two little girls are playing with a Wii Nintendo game. 
A family opens gifts in a room with their dog, while sitting on couches.
A man sitting on a couch with two dogs.
A man smiling and sitting on the couch
A cat sitting on the couch next to a remote and across from a laptop computer.
The room has a large television set for us to watch. 
A television, couches, table and a remote controller.
Two older adults are playing a WII video game.
A living room with one man on a laptop and another standing up. 
A man and woman smile and play a video game. 
There are three little boys sitting on the couch.
Two friends holding video game controllers.in a living room.
The batteries have been taken out of a video game remote.
LADY WITH A BIG SMILE LOOKING AT THE TV
A man is sitting down while holding his ski board. 
A living room is designed in close proximity to a kitchen.
A man holding a WII controller next to his face.
One man holds up a camera while three others stand against a wall.
A formal living room in a private house.
A table has a television and some plants on top of it.
A female in pajamas and hooded sweatshirt playing a video game.
a man is playing video games on a television
A clean sitting room with a book-lined shelf.
a man standing while holding onto a wii mote 
A living room, equipped with a couch, area rug, coffee table, and tv set.
A boy stands in a living room playing a video game.
A woman in a lab room points at a colleague.
children watching a game on television and driving along with it
A person sits on a couch with a dog and a cat.
The boy and the girl are playing a video game in the living room.
a person sitting on a couch with a nintendo wii remote 
Mother and son happily playing a game on the Wii console.
A woman stands on a chair while playing Nintendo Wii.
A remote control is balanced on a cat.
Two men standing in a living room holding remotes.
A bed with a floral and satin comforter and wooden frame.
A group of woman playing video games in a room
A family gathered in the kitchen watching a man play video game
A man is standing while playing a game on the Wii.
A black and white cat sitting with a remote
A kitchen counter next to a mirror in a hallway with a clock above it.
A person works at a computer in the desk area of a living room.
A pair of friends holding controllers in a living room.
A sun room with a beautiful view and a brown sofa.
Four teenage boys are sitting in a living room intently playing Wii
A man sitting in front of a small flat screen tv.
A man eating sushi at a table set for two.
a man and woman enjoying themselves playing a game
A living room with a Wii remote sitting on the sofa.
Three males lounging and watching TV with no shoes
An cluttered office desk with computers and electronics.
A teddy bear, alarm clock and key, advertisement, and flask on a bed. 
In a room two boys are watching television while lying on bed.
A small tv sits in front of the bed
A woman is playing motion controlled video game.
Woman with two kids watching tv while eating
View from above of a living area and lining area.
A couple of men in a room with remotes.
A remote control viewed close-up with a television screen in the background. 
A couch with clothes and items scattered allover
two children playing wii on living room television
Picture of living room furniture and a play area with cubes.
A view from above of a cozy, well-furnished living room.
Small child playing the Nintendo Wii on carpet
Two men sit on a couch playing Wii. 
A little boy standing beside a table with a birthday cake that has candles in it
A stack of pillows on a bed at a hotel.
A boy plays with a remote and a video camera.
Friends eating, drinking and playing Wii at a party
A woman is playing an interactive video game. 
A black and white photo of a cat on a mans lap. 
The man is enjoying playing with his controller.
A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
A guy squinting at the camera while he holds a remote.
A  wooden shelf holding various video game consoles and controllers.
A bunch of people sitting in a living room during the day.
A large flat screen TV sitting in the corner of a room
A living room with a bike in front of french doors.
Two mean playing a driving game with steering wheels in their hands.
a loving family watching others as they play video game
This is two dogs relaxing on a couch that has been turned into a bed.
An elderly man plays with a Nintendo Wii during Christmas
tree people standing in a room while looking at something 
An orange cat sitting on a lap of a man.
THERE IS A WOMAN THAT IS PLAYING WITH WII 
A family gathered together watching mom and dad playing a game.
An older woman holding a Wii remote in her hand.
A woman making her wii character on a tv.
a living room with a bunch of appliances inside of it 
A young girl puts a TV remote control to her face like a cell phone
a man standing up and holding a remote over his head
A coffe table with a remote and a TV that is on.
theres a projector on the wall showing a picture
an image of a living room setting with a couch and lamps
A room full of students intently watch a presentation.
A living room with a large screen television and brick walls.
A living room has three white couches and a television.
A HP stand setup, with two people at it.
A small child plays bowling on the Nintendo Wii.
Man and woman playing the Nintendo Wii in a office.
Two boys are sitting on the couch playing a video game.
An open-concept office with laptops and console games arranged around a television and workers at desks.
A little boy is standing near a table playing a Wii.
A group of people in a living room, playing a video game
Two guys sit in a conference room playing a video game.
An old man with a dog and another man with a bowl in bed.
Black and white closeup of a remote control and television.
Young girl playing with a Wii-mote and nunchuck.
We are looking at a wide angle view of a living room.
A living room area with a red wall behind a television and black furniture.
there is someone holding some type of remote 
A young lady and a young man standing in front of a TV.
people watching something while in a living room. 
A group of people looking in one direction while using Wii accessories.
A young girl in shorts playing the Wii gives a thumbs down sign, while another person sits on the chair in the background reading. 
A man plays Wii with a young boy in a living room.
Two girls stand in a living room playing a video game.
a girl with a remote control by a body of water
Two men are standing together while holding Wii controllers.
A man and boy playing a game with remote controllers.
Mother lying in bed with small child comforting him.
A women who is playing a video game.
THIS IS A PHOTO OF A SITTING AREA WHERE SOMEONE HAS PLACED THERE LAPTOP
Three children are playing with a video game.
a bunch of random stuff on a blanket
A fisheye view of a colorful living room with a couch and coffee table.
A woman in glasses and a red hat plays Wii.
Two tables and a green couch placed next to a window.
Various black and white vases and containers on a table
A couple of girls playing a game with remote controllers.
Group of people standing in a large room holding controllers. 
A laptop and a computer keyboard on a wooden desk.
two guys playing a video game and three onlookers 
A group of people is playing video games in a living room.
A living room with alot of open area.
Two people play an interactive video game in a living room.
Several people sitting in a room with Wii controllers.
A woman and a man holding Wii controllers in their hand
an image of a tv that is stationed on the floor
A room with a table, television, a person sitting on a couch and a cat standing in another room.
Two people are playing Wii boxing game together
A boy playing a Wii console game in a room with boxes behind him.
a can a black cat and a person in a blue shirt
A messy living room has clutter everywhere and open drawers.
A mixture of computer monitors, keyboards, motems, and remotes.
Three people are sitting in a living room playing with technology.
a man relaxes with a cup of coffee while his dog stays close.
a man wearing a hat and glasses talking on a phone standing next to  picture
four women sitting down that have wii wheels 
A man and a woman holding a Nintendo Wii remote and nunchuck.
A small table thats holding a basket for some remote controls.
A man and a woman playing a game on the Wii
A striped cat is sitting on a bed with a television in the background.
A black cat with a concerned look holding a remote controller.
A very nice looking room with a very bright window.
Two men are standing in front of a television playing Wii.
several people sitting and standing around at a party.
A living room is shown with a tv and rugs.
A desk with laptops, a keyboard, a light and a monitor.
The interior of a living room with a fireplace and wood floors.
Two plates with sugary pastries and two cups of coffee.
Ladies playing a video game and having fun.
A young child tries to play with the pony on television
A cat sitting on the sofa next to the remote. 
The cat likes to sleep with the remote from the tv.
A hand holds something and points to something on a box.
A man is sitting in a chair watching television with a remote control in his hand.
a man standing in a living room holding a remote
A computer work station including desk, keyboard, and monitor
A man is playing with a WII video game.
A Nintendo Wii console sitting Next to a controller.
Men drinking and playing a Wii while watching baseball.
A man standing in  a kitchen leaning against a stove.
A pair of women playing a game with remote controllers.
A man playing Wii in a room 
A man laying in a bed with his laptop.
A dog sleeping on a bed, next to a remote control.
A group of children playing video games 
A living room has wooden walls painted pink.
Perhaps this family has too many electronic devices.
two remotes are on a side table by a couch
The old fashioned bed is neatly made for guests.
A cat laying on a table next to a laptop
Two middle-aged friends play a Wii at home
A man with a smile on his face playing a video game.
Two small children play with each other in a bedroom while their mother stands by.
a cat laying on the couch next to a remote and a pillow 
A person using an advanced universal remote control.
A shot of an Apple machine placed on oak ground. 
A den with couches, a table, book shelf and a television.
A man is sitting and pointing a remote.
Two people using video game controllers in a room. 
A large scree TV sits in the corner of a family room.
A small dog on the ground with a remote.
A woman with a remote playing a game as her friend looks on
a close up of a cat laying on top of a remote control
A desk work area set up in a living room
A cat sleeping on a couch next to video game remotes.
a few people that have a wii remote in hand
A woman plays a video game with a controller.
a living room full of wooden furniture and chairs
A living room filled with furniture and other accessories. 
A human being is get in the stillness of the picture. 

The pizza is cooked and ready to be eaten
A mother and daughter are playing Wii together.
two people kneeling holding coll phones near a christmas tree
Fisheye lens photograph of a living and study area 
The coaster is sitting by the remote control.
Men smiling and playing a video game with others watch.
A woman wearing a ruffled scarf holding a wii remote.
A woman operating a Wii and a remote in a room by herself.
The living room has tan furniture and a red rug.
A woman standing in a living room with a Wii remote.
a small puppy on a towel with people holding it
A living area with chairs, television and a coffee table.
A large brown cat laying on top of a blue chair.
A button labeled laser and four arrow buttons are shown.
A food processor sitting on top of a table.
A living room with a couch and coffee table.
Several friends are in a room together while one is holding interactive video game controllers.
Person attempting to use the remote control for a television
One cat asleep in the chair and one cat on the back of the chair.
People handling a couple of remotes taking them apart.
A man bending over as another man attempts to kick his ass.
An elderly man plays with a Nintendo WII
Two people are enjoying their video game playing.
A boy is holding a video game controller 
A room with four chairs and a televisions.
Two guys in a large room with Nintendo Wii controllers.
Two people are playing a tennis video game on a projection screen.
A man with a hood on holds a remote in front of a television.
A person holding a small sleeping dog in their arms.
A bunch of items that are necessary for the camera man to have.
An empty computer chair with a computer on the desk. 
A couch and a table in a large room.
A man sitting on a couch holding a black and white dog.
A living room filled with living room furniture and other accessories. 
A living room with a fireplace and television.
Three groups of drums all with game controllers for different sounds of drumming.
A desktop computer with printer, tower, keyboard, speakers and mouse set up on a desk.
A person that is playing a video game.
A photograph of a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse.
A man with a video game remote standing in front of a television. 
A computer and television sit on a hotel desk.
A surprised woman holding a video game controller.
a teenager cheering that he won his wii bowling game
a bedroom with a bed and a television 
A living room is full of media and pictures.
A living room is shown with massive book shelves.
A group of people playing a video game on the Wii and a projector.
A tray of food in front of a person.
a person about to hit a button on a remote control
Several people sitting in chairs with remotes in a room.
A basket weave design fireplace with a mantle next to a flat screen TV.
A picture with a keyboard, pen and other things, some shown larger with pictures on the side of the big picture.
A lit fire place in a living room next to a TV.
The person is wearing black clothes, shoes, and hose.
A bunch of electronics are sitting on a table. 
A child plays with a remote in her living room
a dog and a cat lay on a couch in a living room
a boy holding onto the wheel wii mote while playing a driving game 
A man and a woman play the Nintendo Wii.
Two men having a good time playing WII.
A group of people play a video game together.
Two men smile as they play a video game.
Child in a white shirt standing on a hardwood floor.
A keyboard and mouse on a table with a flower shaped mousepad.
A man and a woman sitting next to each other on a couch with lap tops open on their laps.
People standing around holding Wii controllers in their hands.
computer desk with various  papers  and a computer
two people sitting on a couch and one is playing a video game
Friends smile as they play video games together.
Two men helping two boys use remote controllers.
a nintendo wii sitting on a table next to a book and a box
A remote and a glass on a wooden table.
A man and a woman are playing a video game using remote controls.
Two kids play a video game in a living room.
A spacious living room with a large fireplace.
a man sitting on the floor in front of a couch 
A desk with a computer, office items, and CDs on it.
Man sitting down on a couch playing with controller.
A very cluttered table with a lap top computer on it and some compact discs on it.
A young man swinging around a Wii remote.
Two men who are playing video games together.
a couple of people playing a video game 
Two laptops, some cameras, and many cords and accessories take the entire space of a bed.
A pile of remote control devices in a living room.
A man is playing WII while the woman watches on a couch.
A person is holding a wii console remote
Several remote controls are on puffy colored balls.
A boy holds a remote control up to the camera.
A man that is leaning on a couch.
A living room with brown furniture and white walls
Three young men sit at a table using four laptops.
A man and a woman playing a game on a Wii.
People play Wii with remotes in a family room.
a bunch of people watching as two people play video games 
The dog was sitting on the couch near the laptop and remotes.
A man with a remote stands next to a couch with the door open.
guys playing wii in an office building together
A man is holding a baby while it is playing with a remote control.
A lady in action with a video game remote control.
A man is holding a video game controller from a sofa.
A woman and man playing Wii in a room 
The men are playing video games together in the room.
A living room with leather couches and flat screen television 
Two men and two kids watch a bright glow coming from an oven.
A living room with a tv and a window.
A person with a remote in a room.
Display showing universal remote and the remotes it replaces.
Three men sitting around a table taking pictures of food.
A small dog reclines on a piece of furniture next to an electronic game controller.
Sleeping kitty between a human and a remote.
A catchup bottle sits on a table while a tv plays and a woman stands at a counter.
Two seated men playing the same video game.
A lobby full of people with a flat-screen television.
A room with a silver TV  sitting on top of a wooden cabinet.
A table displaying a large lot of electronic equipment.
A bedroom with a large bed and tall headboard 
There is a display of three different computers together.
Two men who are playing video games with each other.
A living area with a couch, coffee table and a television.
a woman standing in a living room playing a wii game
A man holding a dog mug pints the remote.
A man in his living room takes a picture of himself.
Two females playing a video game together, while boy is watching by their side.
A man sitting in a chair in a contemporary living area.
A man smiling and holding a wii remote.
a bedroom wiith a cluttered desk and a chair by the window 
A living room with floral print furniture and pink couch
People holding remote controls above their head in a large room.
A baby standing on a video game accessory holding a controller, in front of a television.
A man using a Wii Remote to play a game on a flatscreen TV.
A cream-colored room with fancy fireplace and furniture
A Nintendo Wii gaming system sitting on top of a metal table.
Two different photo of people holding the Wii remote.
A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
two couches in a living room a lamp some pillows and some pictures
A cat sits resting with its eyes closed.
A room with sitting area, dining area, and a work desk.
A slightly organized desk with a computer sits in a corner.
A guy with glasses shows off his Wii Remote.
A cat and dog standing in a living room
A little girl jumping into the air in a family sitting room.
Crowds gather at a convention to look at the Wii.
A TV remote control setting next to a device marked Popcorn Hour.
A man playing a video game on a large tv.
A man who is standing in a room holding a wii control.
A living room with two couches and a coffee table
An open room with multiple tables and a living space.
a group of people standing up next to each other
A small group of friends sit and watch while others play video games.
A guy gesturing toward another guy playing a video game.
Two bed with pillows, a wall hanging and some curtains.
A bed in a bedroom with blue shades of paint
A couple of men playing a game with remote controllers.
A man standing in front of a TV playing a video game.
a group of people in a living room with three men standing and holding game controllers.
A small Yellow couch in a hotel room
A white corner desk is shown in front of the blinds.
Two young children are playing a video game.
The men are playing a video game together in the room.
The young boy is standing and playing the game.
A cat is laying on a sofa looking at the camera. 
A small child is playing a video game with a controller in each hand.
A man standing in front of the tv with a controller in his hand.
a teen boy standing in front of a crowd holding a remote 
a man that is playing a game of wii
Woman playing a video game in a living room.
a person sitting in a chair near a wall playing nintendo wii
Two laptops are sitting on a coffee table in front of a desktop which sits on an entertainment center.
Closeup of a Nintendo Wii controller resting on a table.
Lady watching and participating in exercise video on TV. Christmas tree in the corner and a lot of book shelves.
a man standing in a room holding onto a wii mote 
A man holding the neck of a guitar hero guitar.
Two women are playing video games in a living room.
A tightly packed living room with a TV screen larger than the fireplace right beside it.
A modern bedroom with red pillows and white sheets
A man holding his arm out, holding a game remote control.
A person standing in front of a television. 
two men in womens pajamas playing on the wii game 
Child performing move with mat and remote controller
A bed with blue comforter and a teddy bear
A little boy gives a weird smirk to the camera
The girl in the blue blouse is holding a video game remote control. 
T grown men in pajamas playing a motion controlled video game
Two men sitting on a couch are playing a game.
A person standing in a room with a remote.
Two men playing a game on a television.
Two black chairs in a living room with a bright red wall.
A person sitting on a couch with a video game control in his hand.
A modern desk has Apple products and a lamp.
Two men play Wii together while a baby watches.
A dog sleeping in front of a playing television.
A cluttered desk with two computers and stacked books.
A living room with a television, hardwood floors, couch, red cushion and wide panel window
A young boy smiles while playing a game
Many people are observing a young man playing Guitar Hero. 
a glass table with computers and a laptop in use
A living room filled with furniture next to a flat screen TV.
a couple of women are standing in a red floor room
Two women on floor inside a house playing wii.
A suspicious looking man with a mean expression on his face, holding a video game controller.
A couple of people and a kid sitting in a room.
a man is standing and holding a game controller
A boy standing holding a wii remote in his hand
Two men playing with an interactive video game.
A man holding a Wii remote in his hand.
A picture of a living room with lots of plants.
Three friends enjoying video games in a living room.
A woman sitting in a chair holding up a mouse.
Calico cat sleeping on "fleece" covered with remote controls.
A stuffed animal sits on top of a bed.
A large orange cat sleeping on top of a laptop computer.
A man and woman playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
A baby in a padded play area playing with a remote and a metal pot. 
A boy sitting on a cushion playing a video game. 
A couple of young boys standing next to each other.
a cat laying on a couch with a remote
A large white fire place sitting in a living room.
A young boy watches a young girl play with a Wii.
A Nintendo Wii gaming system sitting on top of a table.
A wii controller being held by two hands with a screen in back.
Two smiling women are in an office setting.
a living room with a couch a chair with a pot and flowers
A black laptop sitting on a desk next to a remote controller.
The green velvet bed is low to the ground.
The living room has a fireplace and two couches in it. 
A young boy holding a game controller while standing in a living room.
A television is illuminated in a family room.
Men in suits watching a video at an event.
A woman is making herself comfortable in an arm chair with her laptop computer. 
A man jumping up with is hands raised while playing Wii
A cat is playing with a mobile phone.
a coupe of people that are sitting on  some chairs
A cat relaxes with it's paw next to a television remote.
A red chair is parked near a large screen television and a window.
A white sofa and tables in front of a fireplace.
A person displays a remote control in their hand.
Computer monitor of old generation from the brand Apple
Two women playing a video game in the living room.
A room in a home that has a small table with one chair on the side and another piece of furniture in the next area.
Two men are playing a video game while on the couch
A young girl plays a bowling game on her TV.
The computer desk also has two cell phones on it.
Room full of people playing video games and having a party.
The girl with glasses is holding a giant toothbrush close to her mouth.
A toilet is white and empty with buttons on the side
A very young boy and girl holding Wii controllers playing a video game.
A man holding a Wii controller in his hand while looking at the t.v.
two dogs are sleeping on the couch together
A man holding a game controller makes an arm movement. 
A guy with messy hair on a couch with a remote.
a couple of coaches in a cluttered living room
A table topped with food and a remote control.
The man is enjoying reading in the library.
A small living room with large furniture and clutter everywhere
The dinner is done and the television show is on. 
two people playing nintendo wii at a booth
The man in the yellow shirt is playing a video game. 
A television is sitting outside on the sidewalk.
A boy plays Wii intently with his father
Compilation of photos showing adults using video game controller in room.
A laptop computer is seen sitting next to a television.
A older woman standing up while she plays the Nintendo Wii.
The table is covered with many different items.
People that are playing a video game together.
A crossed eyed man holding a remote in his mouth.
Two women are holding Wii remotes in their hands.
A couple of young men standing next to each other.
two men standing around holding onto wiimotes and having drinks 
A heavy set man showing his teeth in a funny manner.
Two boys on edge of bed by window, with game controls in hands, looking off in same direction.
A man working on a computer at a table.
A TV sitting in a living room next to a wooden table.
A man in a hat and glasses is holding a toy airplane.
A white living room that is pretty standard.
Wii, Linksys and Apple electronics on a table
A cat laying on top of a blanket next to a remote control.
A man is laying on a couch and holding a remote control. 
A white cat holding a phone with its two paws up to its ear .
A living room with a few couches and a television.
A boy playing an interactive video game with a man.
The girls laughing while playing a video game.
A spacious living room with a couch and foot rests.
two laying and standing children playing nintendo wii 
Group of four men with video game controllers in their hands.
A man and his friend playing Wii in a living room.
A young woman laying on a couch holding cats.
A boy using his Wii controller to play.
A man plays a video game while a young child walks by.
A woman plays a video game, while a man watches.
a living room with large windows decorated in neutral colors
Two different video game control devices for a Wii system. 
two men playing a wii game while other stand around watching them
A home office work station with a computer and printer on it.
A man watches a little boy play wii.
A couple of young boys holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
Two women are playing the Wii while someone else looks on. 
Two Wii video game remote controls, side by side, being held in a persons hand.
A man in a white shirt and headphones to the right, a man with a guitar to the left and a man at a drum set in the center of a living room. 
Five people, one man, four women gathered around table with now obsolete television in background. 
A man pets a large brown dog on its head.
A man sitting at a table with a coke playing a Tiddly Wiik game.
A young bot stands in front of a TV playing a Wii.
A group of people watching two women play a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
a young woman plays the Nintendo wii in front of amused friends
This is a picture of a women trying to figure out where her keys are.
A woman bent over a table blowing out candles on a cake.
A desk with a microphone laptop and keyboard.
There are four laptops open on the desk. 
A group of men playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers.
A group of young men standing around playing games on the Nintendo Wii.
A man sitting on the floor by a window with an electronic device
A group of people play a game with controllers.
A cat laying on a couch with a sheet and a remote on it.
A man holding a remote control in front of a TV.
upstairs looking down at a living room dining room combined
Man and woman in a bedroom holding up Wii controllers. 
a sandwich on toasted bread with french fries
A man in a room holding a remote control
The large mirror is on the wall above a leather chair. 
A computer and an electronic tablet sitting on a desk.
a man that is standing up with a wii remote
Man playing with Nintendo in front of a group of people on stage
Two kids sitting on a bed playing a video game.
A boy playson a Wii game at a birthday party
an older person in a living room with a nintendo wii remote
A living room with furniture and a flat screen TV.
A voltage meter in front of a toaster oven.
A girl in the house playing a video game. 
The Christmas tree lights up the living room. 
view of the room from a remotes perspective.
A brown headed girl holding the remote to a WII.
A rumpled bed with clothes lying on top of it.
A hand holding a game remote with the thumb on select.
A man and woman holding controllers in their hands while talking
A cell phone sits atop some note cards and a compact disc. 
Young people in a dark room playing video games on a television.
Several people playing a video game while others look on. 
A display of flowers sits on a living room table.
a man and a woman are playing video games
Line reflects off the wooden floor in a neat living room.
A little boy playing Wii with people watching 
A bed with blankets in a small room.
A living room scene with couches and a television.
A man stands in a living room with  a remote control in his hand.
A group of three individuals, two holding Wii remote controls.
A man standing in his room dressed in formal wear.
A man wearing glasses laying on a couch playing a video game.
A group of people watching a video about bowling.
man on the floor playing a video game
a laptop sitting on a table, with a beer and tv in background.
A person holding a black remote control in their right hand.
A Wii remote control being held in a plastic clamp
there are many people in this living room playing a video game
A man and girl playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A man and woman playing the Wii in the living room. 
A brown couch sitting under a painting on top of a wall.
a dog laying on a the couch next to a woman holding a wii mote 
a couple of computers are sitting on a desk
a couple people that are sitting on a couch
Dog sitting on a desk next to a monitor
A man sitting on the floor playing a Wii
Two people are playing video games in a room.
A twin bed on the corner of a room.
A woman with a remote standing in front of a television.
Person in a yellow shirt standing by a wondow
A large group of men playing video games.
An old couple are playing with the Nintendo Wii. 
Two young people are playing Wii together while a bearded fellow looks on.
Couple of attentive enthused women playing Nintendo wii
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A love seat sits between two small end tables.
A man sitting in front of a piano keyboard.
A man is sleeping with his arms under the pillow.
two women are playing video games and a couch
Man with a sweater blouse playing the wii on a small television.
A person's hand holding a video game remote.
A man is playing the wii while his face is being stroked.
A desk covered in both desktop computers and a laptop.
Some people are playing game in the living room. 
A man playing with a wii console on Christmas
Living room with green walls and a fireplace. 
A man and a woman with arm tattoos play with a Wii. 
A cluttered computer desk with camera, book, headphones and other objects.
Two men play a Wii game in an empty gymnasium.
A picture to gosling on a bed together.
the room is a living room with sofas
The man is playing games on his tv.
A man sitting on a couch holding a small white object.
A young woman is holding a wii controller.
A young child holding a video game remote is touching a television.
A laptop is on a desk with a desktop computer. 
A knife, dental floss, a mini remote controller, and some thread.
A bunch of people are gathered playing the video game system wii.
A man holds an eggbeater and an electronic device while he looks into the camera.
A table is sitting in the middle of the room on top of a rug.
a desk with two monitors a keyboard and a mouse
Group of adults using laptop computers in living room.
A group of four people are playing a video game.
A man plays bowling on WII, in his living room.
A man standing near a television holding a remote
The home office includes a desktop computer.and a lamp.
A living room filled with furniture TV sitting on top of a wooden cabinet.
a woman sitting at the table and holding onto a wii box
A wooden desk features a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard, and other electronics.
Two boys play video games as another watches. 
A variety of vegetables hooked on sticks on a tray next to a remote control
Two adult woman are playing Wii games with their controllers.
This is  a busy corner piled high with books.
Two people playing a video game at home.
An older man holding onto Wii controllers looking at a tv.
A couple of women standing in front of a Christmas tree.
A woman playing a game on the Wii.
A Wii game system sits in a box on the floor.
Several people sitting in a room with chairs.
a close up of a person holding a nintendo wii remote
A man and woman are siting on the couch playing the wii.
A man in a living room holding a remote control in his hand
a gun and some phones are on a table
A man and his boys play Wii Fit in their home
three remote controls sitting on a black table 
A man and a woman playing a video game.
A smiling man and lady playing a video game.
An excited woman playing a game with a Wii controller.
a baby crying while playing with a black laptop
Young man standing in living area using video game control.
A boy playing with the Wii on a television screen.
KIDS PLAYING OR WATCHING SOMETHING ON A COMPUTER SCREEN
A woman is watching a man exercise on a laptop computer. 
Man in a living room playing Wii on a television
A toilet seat with arms and the lid open
A living room filled with lots of brown furniture.
A man and a woman giving a speech with a  video game playing in back.
The young men are playing a video game.
A woman holds her Nintendo WII controller while playing.
A man sitting on a couch watching tv and using a lap top.
People sitting on a couch holding wii remotes.
a lady that has a wii remote in her hand
A gray cat looking down at the floor.
A television with a wii remote in the front
A couple of women playing a game with remote controllers.
a desk with a laptop and monitors with a keyboard
a hotel room with big bed, brown covers.
Two people playing with a Nintendo Wii in a white room.
A group of women sitting on couches in a living room.
Young adults engaged in a friendly social situation.
A picture of a man and woman on the screen of a lap top computer.
Group of children sitting down and holding up Wii controllers. 
there are two small twin beds in this room
A man without a shirt on sitting on a couch with a laptop computer in his lap and one sitting on the floor under his feet.
The girl is sitting in one of two identical chairs in front of a television.
In a living room, a woman and a young man each hold white game console remotes.
Two men stand with Wii controllers with a group of friends.
this is a sesk with toys covering it
Two women playing Wii in a living room 
Three people sitting on a couch holding Wii controllers.
a picture of a couch with an end table with a light in the middle 
A person playing a video game in a room with one lamp in a corner.
a women that is playing some kind of wii
Two black remote controls sit side by side.
A person is sitting on a couch reading.
A den with a couch, chair, ottoman, and a television.
A young girl holds two remote controls in her hands.
A man eating pizza and other things near his wallet.
A row of remotes that have been lined up
a picture of two game remote controls side by side.
A small living room with a coffee table, futon and bookshelf.
Woman in a living room with large screen TV and cloth-draped furniture.
Two men using Nintendo wii remotes to play a game. 
a chair that is sitting in front of a laptop.
A very nice looking house with a living room and dining area.
A man and a little boy sleeping together in a bed.
A woman sitting on an armchair smiling holding a Nintendo Wii remote.
There is a person playing a Nintendo Wii
A small sofa and coffee table in an apartment living room.
A plants leaves coming through an open window.
Young children using video remote controls in living area of home.
a man that has a wii remote in his hand
a woman in a white top  is watching television
Small yellow radio controlled plane being worked on at edge of field.
A child in a green tshirt is playing a WII game.
a man standing in front of people using laptops 
A desk with a lap top and a desk top computers.
A man without a shirt is standing holding a Wii controller.
a living room with a  book shelf a tv and a laptop
A silver colored video monitor sitting on a gray table.
a young woman holding a wiimote all excited while playing a game 
A woman is looking at a white remote control.
A remote control held in a person's hand with blurry colors in background.
a couple of people are standing in the middle of a room
A tablel full of food including pizzas and a plate of appetizers.
Young boy dressed in red appearing to be taking his body tempreture with modern digital thermometer. 
A hirsute man in black attire holds a wii remote.
A photo of a laptop on a bed with a TV in the background.
A couple of people standing in a room with remotes.
A man and a woman playing a video game.
A woman playing a game with a remote controller.
The desk holds a laptop, a cd player, some flashlights, and other odds and ends.
 A girl with a headband using a remote control.
A sleepy cat has it's head on the remote control.
finished lower level of a home filled with stuff
a man standing in a living room while holding onto a wii mote
A man holding a remote close to a monitor screen
two adults are making an attempt to look cool while playing a wii
A man and a dog that are sitting in front of a laptop.
The three young children are setting at the end of the sofa bed.
A group of people playing with a Wii using the remote to control it. 
Two men playing a Wii game system in a home.
A man standing in a room with something in his hand 
A guy is eating a doughnut at a messy table.
A child and a man watch another child playing a video game. 
the women are smiling holding on the game controllers
This is a picture if a girl playing woo with her father 
Two young men play a video game, while a woman watches.
A clean bed with three pillows arranged on it
a man laying on the floor with his laptop on his lap
three white game controllers in mid air next to each other.
Two men standing in a living room holding Wii controllers. 
a couple of kids sit and play video games together
A kitten on a chair playing the strap of a Wii remote.
Nobody is working in the office right now.
a woman and kid playing a game on the wii
The living room includes a grey sofa and a large laptop.
A hand holds a video game remote while the thumb pushes a button. 
flickr on the computer monitor on top of the desk.
A close up of a remote control beside another remote control.
A cluttered office with a lot of electronic equipment.
A computer that is hooked up to a tv sitting on a desk.
Two people are actively playing a video game together.
A desk with a computer monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. 
A group of people playing Wii games. 
a small device is plugged in to a computer
A young girl playing Wii in a living room setting.
A kitten laying on a man's lap while a woman plays with a Wii controller. 
two males are holding their arms in the air with game controllers
A living room with three book shelves a couch and a TV. 
Several men playing Wii in a room of musical instruments.
A child in yellow dress holding a toy remote.
a living room with couches and a christmas tree
A black and white cat on a coach
A person relaxing in the middle of a room full of monitors.
A group of people in a room and several of them are in motion holding Wii controllers.
A couple of people that are playing a video game.
There is a woman sitting on a couch playing a video game
a living room with a couch, table and a glass door
Six people sit on a dingy brown couch behind a large black coffee table.
a kid with yellow t shirt is ready to through something up
many people and a lady and a man playing video game
A desk with several computers sitting on top of it.
A group of people and one person is playing the Wii. 
A young girl plays boxing on her Nintendo Wii.
Young child and teenager in front of tv playing Wii.
A lady stands in an office setting playing a video game.
A brown and white dog laying on top of a leopard print pillow.
A room containing a couch with matching wooden end and coffee tables.
Father and daughter playing Mario Kart on the Wii.
A man sitting on couch playing WII while a baby and a dog watch.
A Nintendo Wii console next to a controller.
There is a small TV below a regular TV
A fairly neat computer desk with a green office chair.
A cat is laying on a table with a remote.
A young boy sitting on a bed playing a video game.
A group of people plays a video game.
A thin young man sits on a couch using a laptop.
A couple of people are playing video games.
Men playing Wii in a room full of chairs 
A cat lays on a floral couch next to two remote controls.
A toilet with a dial pad, allowing it to perform different functions
Man in red shirt sitting on a couch holding white controller. 
a man sitting on a couch between two people using laptops 
a television some bottles a table and video game controllers
A man playing with a wii at his house.
A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.
There is an open book with a book mark in it
A gathering of individuals are uncovered before the open day.

a black and white cat sitting in front of a monitor.
An older men playing wii tennis on the tv.
View of a decorated living room, dining area opening to kitchen area.
A computer desk with a laptop computer sitting on top of it.
A remote on a table surface in a room.
a laptop that is laying on a bed
a man with a green shirt is positioned to play the wii
a male is playing a video game on a big screen
A lounge chair sits under a tent with a laptop in front of it. 
Two remotes sit next to a bowl on a counter.  
Boy standing in living room in front of fireplace playing video game.
The man with a scar on his hand is holding a Nintendo Wii remote.
A girl pretending to sing into a hair dryer.
two men standing and pointing devices at a tv set
Hands holding game controller with colored blocks and audience in background
A desk with a laptop and monitor are powered on as they sit on a desk.
Small xhild playing with Nintendo Wii remote in room.
A man holds a controller as he plays video games.
A living room with a white couch and other furniture.
The raw broccoli is in the microwaveable bowl.
A family is playing a game on the Wii together.
A boy has his arm back holding a Nintendo Wii remote.
A person holding a smart device in their hands.
A young woman gestures to the camera while on the phone.
A woman jumping up and down on a bed.
A little girl is wearing pink pants and shirt.
A guy in a black shirt holding a controller and smiling.
A young woman sitting in a room playing a game on a video game console. 
A man and a woman holding wii controls 
A red couch behind a brown ottoman with a cat sitting on top of it.
A living room has a couch, chair, television, and a fireplace.
Group of people standing up holding a small remote. 
a laptop computer in front of a window with indoor plants
A desk with a computer monitor, printer and cd rack.
Two women in a public place playing on a Wii system.
A kid is holding a controller on a coach
A group of remote controls lined up together.
A person with a game control raised over their head. 
He is showing her how to hold the Nintendo Wii wand for best game results.
A woman is in a room playing Wii bowling. 
a picture of a Wii remote and a numjuck 
A boy standing in front of a TV, playing a Wii sports game.
A small modern desk beneath a flat screen tv,
An iphone and and a remote that is being used to control a tv or other device.
a person standing over a desk in a crowding living room space
Cat curled up next to a remote on a bed.
A woman is lying on a couch with several dogs.on a couch.
A man playing a videogame with a group of people.
Man sitting in sweatpants in his living room
A box with a remote and console on the front.
A little boy sitting on a bed holding a remote control.
Funny close up of a man staring cross eyed at a remote control in his mouth.
Two women standing while playing a video game. 
a male in a blue shirt and a laptop and couch
a desk with several keyboards, two screens and miscellaneous electronics
A cat standing on a table in front of a fireplace.
A person sitting and playing with a controller, with Mario in the back.
A table with cell phones, books and bags 
two men one sitting one standing and they are playing a video game
A cat laying on a cloth surface holding a wii remote between it's paws.
Several remote controls lines up next to each other.  
Two men sitting on a couch looking at an iPad together
Some people sitting on a couch with remotes.
A man sitting in a chair sitting inside of a living room.
Two laptops are on a computer desk with a cell phone.
The woman stands with a young child playing video games.
Two men laying on a bed one giving the finger
A man and a girl are playing a video game and smiling.
Two men play wii with friends in the background
a red laptop a coca cola can and some wires
A little boy that is holding a white remote.
A book sitting on a table next to a game controller.
A person is holding a white Wii remote controller.
A man in a black shirt being filmed playing Wii.
A kitten is sitting in one of two open luggage cases on a bed.
A desk with a lamp, remote control, laptop, keyboard, monitor and a mouse on it. 
two men playing wii in front of cabinets and a clock
Two men, one in a black shirt and one in a blue shirt, hold Wii remotes.
a group of people standing in front of a crowd playing nintendo wii
A man holding a Wii controller being instructed by another man.
A woman with white shirt playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
A girl in a living room playing Wii. 
Two men in a kitchen playing the Nintendo Wii.
A toilet  with some kind of remote control.
A living room with TV, sofa, and fireplace.
A very nice looking living room with a big TV.
a vase of flowers sits near a photo and a candle
a man is holding some video game console controllers
A person leaning over a small wooden table with stuff.
Men and boys playing video game in living room
The couple is having fun playing the game.
a man and a boy are playing a tv game
A group of people playing a video game in a living room.
Two guys standing playing a video game and another seated.
A woman and children are watching television from a couch.
Two men holding Wii controllers in a bar.
Left hand holding electronic video game controller unit.
A little toy car sits on the arm of a chair with a remote control
The white dog is laying on the bed near a television.
a man with a remote controlling the television
Elderly people with walkers at a nursing home play video bowling.
Two young men sitting on a couch playing a video game. 
A woman and a boy looking up in a room with one other seated person.
A little boy sleeping while holding a video game controller.
A computer keyboard next to phone and thermos
A man and women on a red couch are playing video games.
A man sits at the desk of an office. 
A guy standing by a birthday cake in an office 
A vanity mirror reflects a woman with a camera and a television screen.
a man is playing video games on a television 
Two couples,three of them in jeans are sitting around playing WII
A clock sitting in front of a pile of books.
Couple of young children playing Nintendo Wii in room
A couch and a table in a room.
A grandfather looking confused as grandma plays a video game.
A person with in an altered picture holding remote controllers.
A man with a drink stands by a woman in a white hallway at a house party.
Two men standing holding wii remotes playing wii
Male hand holding an open flip style mobile phone.
A small living room with couch and chair and kitchen in the background.
There  is a bedroom with a bed and desk with chair in it.
A man and a woman standing next to each other holding remotes.
Two men are holding video game remote controls.
Several sodas and a laptop sit on a desk. 
A woman that is holding a remote looking at a television.
A cat sitting on top of two pizza boxes on a table. 
A bunch of people playing a video game.
A woman holding a Wii remote with another woman in the background.
Two boys with Wii controllers in a room. 
Dining room table in a room with a bookshelf and several painting 
A pair of people play video games with controllers.
A cat laying on a couch with its head on the remote control. 
A woman standing in a room in front of a window.
a man and a small kid play a video game 
Many people are playing a sports video game while standing up.
a room that has a flat screen t.v. in it
The living room is empty with the tv on
A man standing up in a room with a Wii video game controller in his hand and playing bowling on the television.
A woman in white boots holding a teddy bear. 
A man showing a women an image on a projector.
A group of people standing in a room.
Two people are relaxing in a living room.
A living room filled with purple couches and Halloween decorations.
a man and girl playing wii together as a woman watches
a yellow entertainment area with a large television on it
A computer desk with a guitar behind it.
A family watches while two boys play a singing game.
A living room with several different chairs and wood floors.
A living room with a couch and television set is next to a sliding glass door.
A man in an office holding up a large remote control.
A nice hotel room with a bed with a white cover and a nice work desk.
a woman plays with a wii remote as a man dances next to her
A living room that has wooden furniture and a big window.
Boy playing a golf game on the Nintendo Wii.
a old man plays a game of wii as people look on 
two people play video games as some other people watch them
A laptop and several other items sitting on a wooden table.
a man that is sitting down with a wii remote in hand
A man sitting down playing a video game.
a green couch some pictures a table and a pillow
Man and woman holding Wii controllers in their hands. 
A desk with plates of food and computers on it
Two young women in a room playing video games
A child lies on the sofa with remote.
A man holding a remote on one hand and a drink on the other hand.  
Checkered stuffed animal laying in bed with remote.
Five people are sitting together playing a video game.
A person speaking into a microphone with a few people watching.
The young woman and man are smiling as they play a video game together. 
A close up shot of a keyboard and wrist pad
A black cat with yellow eyes near a keyboard.
Someone opening a s small computer on a shelf.
A cat sitting on a laptop that is sitting on a desk
A boy sitting in his chair with his laptop in his lap. 
A mouse and a keyboard on a table.
A chair sitting in front of a brown desk.
A book sits open on the office desk next to a laptop.
A corded mouse sitting next to the keyboard of a laptop.
A cell phone sitting on a laptop in front of a TV.
The desk has a glass top on it.
A guy on a laptop and a guy holding a Wii remote.
There is a cat next to the computer screen.
Small computer area with a small wooden desk. 
A box with a picture of a television and its set on it.
A stack of cds and dvds is against a computer monitor and a microphone
Someone typing on a computer while using a mouse.
A white Macintosh computer monitor and keyboard setup.
A desk containing 4 computer mice and a keyboard
A cat laying on a desk next to a keyboard.
a desk with a laptop a monitor and a mouse
A wireless keyboard compatible with role playing games.
A view of a modern apartment dwelling and it's furnishings.
A cup of white noodles sits by a key board.
A desktop computer with a monitor on top of it.
A young person sitting in his seat working on his laptop. 
The man is using his laptop on the desk. 
A desktop with its monitor turned off on a table. 
a girl is sitting in a chair looking at a computer screen
A computer and a laptop are on a computer desk.
LAP TOP COMPUTER WITH CORDS ALL OVER THE PLACE
a lady in a office looking at a computer
A desk has two computer monitors, a cell phone, mouse, laptop, and keyboard on it. 
Desk computer with a hand controlling the mouse 
a tray of food sitting next to a computer keyboard
A desk with a laptop and a desktop on it in front of a table with large chairs.
A woman sitting next to a laptop by a sound board.
A laptop, cake, cell phone and books on the table
A baby sitting in front of a laptop computer on top of a bed.
A coffee cup with a stick and coffee in it next to a keyboard.
two apple desk top computers at a desk
a living room with people chairs and a christmas tree
The man in the chair is playing a video game.
Many items are scattered around the computer. 
A man with a large bear wearing a brown hat.
A cake celebrating someone's 500th follower on Twitter
Two women are smiling as one of them holds a menu.
A sony computer with a website about theory istherreason 
Three laptops in a row in the backseat of a car.
There are three computers on the desk all on at the same time.
living room angle with fireplace, bookshelf, furniture, and hardwood floors
A busy desk with three computers running simultaneously.
A cat sits on the top of a computer desk.
A brown and white cat laying on someone's lap while they work on the computer.
a small desk with a keyboard a monitor and a drink
THERE IS A DESK TOP COMPUTER ON THE TABLE 
a desk with a monitor a keyboard and mouse
an image of a living room set with vase
The lap top keyboard light-up feature makes the keys easier to see.
The desk is full of computers, paperwork, and books.  
A laptop computer on a desk next to a desktop computer.
A hand with a gold ring is posed over a wireless keyboard, beside a wired mouse
A new wireless mouse in its box near a new keyboard.
A keyboard is shown up close to the keys.
A man sitting on a couch with a dog beside him.
A man walks holding a jeyboard and paper manual.
A Macbook laptop is set on a wooden stand.
A person controlling a mouse at a computer.
A group of people are talking while standing and sitting.
A stuffed monkey on a computer desk with two computers.
A computer, papers, pens and other electronics are on a desk.
A large computer sitting on a desk near a smaller computer
A room that has two people sleeping in a bed together and another bed on the other side of the room and a person at a desk and computer.
A computer desk has two computers sitting on it.
The office space is efficient with a wraparound counter whose corner has a tuckaway keyboard. 
A computer desk is illuminated with a desk lamp.
A table with a laptop computer and three additional monitors.
A girl is playing with chalk on the sidewalk.
A mouse that is sitting next to a keyboard.
A computer desk with a monitor, phone, and laptop on top of it.
A computer,key board,cell phones and other electronic gadgets are on the table.
electrical placed on a wooden table and with wallpaper
an image of group of people in a meeting
A black and white cat sleeps on a laptop.
A trio of computer monitors on stacks of books on a desk.
Several laptops, a monitor and a keyboard sit on a white table.
A laptop on a person's legs on a couch.
An office workspace with a desk covered with many papers.
A pair of older laptops are used by two men.
A woman's hand holding a Wii rifle handle.
There is a computer mouse, keyboard, and coffee mug shown. 
A color opposed photo of a desktop computer.
A computer set up on top of a wooden desk.
The computer desk has two laptops, two monitors, and a leather chair.
a lady that is carrying some kind of computer
The young children are doing work on the laptop at the table. 
A computer and telephone equipment in a conference room.
A laptop sits on top of a table.
there is a bottle of wine next to a glass 
A table with laptops and calculators sitting on it.
Boy moving mouse around with different colored keys on keyboard
A desktop and laptop computer sitting on a wooden desk.
a woman is laying down working on a laptop
THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A DESK TOP COMPUTER AND A MOUSE ON THE DESK 
A computer desk that is very cluttered and disorganized.
A person holding a cell phone near a man sitting at a desk working on a computer. 
Four young people have crowded into a small office.
A computer setup featuring 3 monitors and a printer.
Two computer screens have the same image of a baby in a hat. 
Looking out the window past a modern office desk 
A sandwich on a napkin next to a computer keyboard.
Firefly remote sitting on a wooden desk by a keyboard.
A messy desk is shown with outdated electronics

A desktop computer sitting on top of an office desk.
Two cats are napping on a computer desk.
A child sitting at a desk reading a book.
A large eared dog sitting on an office chair.
a woman brushing her teeth and a towel on her head
a desk with a laptop and a monitor for a desktop on it
A glass desk with monitor, keyboard and laptop.
this desk top computer has a yoshi doll on it
A man holding a donut and a cup of liquid
Two monitors sit on an organized desk area
A computer monitor is displaying a menu of options.
A  tiny kitten is on the keys, the computer keyboard that is.
The desk has a lot of computer equipment on it.
The bedroom looks like a tornado struck it.
An open laptop behind a keyboard and mouse. 
A cell phone and a laptop on a table.
a black gray and white cat a keyboard a monitor and a desk
A very nice looking work station with some flowers.
a plate with a sandwich cut in half on it 
A corner desk with a computer by a bright window.
The entertainment center has many electronics underneath the television.
A man and dog sit on a couch in a home.
A large flat screen TV sitting on an entertainment center.
A man eating a bagel pizza off off a plate.
A tablet attached to a keyboard sits outside on a wooden table.
A kid is typing on a laptop keyboard.
A large black cat sitting next to an open laptop computer.
A living area with various computers, televisions and a closet.
A desk holding a laptop with extra keyboard, mouse, speakers, telephone and empty wine glass.
A desk with a computer and laptop and a black chair.
A laptop computer is sitting on top of a desk.
A desk with a very cute pink keyboard on it.
A young man in a blue shirt sitting at a desk
A bunch of monitors that are sitting on a desk.
Two young students work together on a laptop.
A desk with a monitor, keyboard, and various other objects on it.
Four people in a room talking with each other with a woman outside the room with her hand up to her mouth.
Office workers have fun with donuts and sprinkles.
The flat screen television sits on top of an entertain center.
a black keyboard and a power strip and cords
a person standing near a desk with many laptops
A person with their hand on a glowing mouse
a brown desk a chair a keyboard printer and monitor
A cat sleeping amongst some computers at a work station.
Laptop computer next to a radiator on a desk.
A black television and a white computer monitor and keyboard on a desk.
A home desk has a computer, lamp, and knick-knacks.
A small computer desk with electronics on it
A persons feet resting on a desk either side of an open laptop with a second screen behind it, two desk lamps and some books
a laptop and keyboard on some kind of desk
A bed above a desk with a computer
A young woman sits at a computer in an office.
There is a paper with a drawing an a nokia phone on top of it
A TV sitting in front of a colorful keyboard.
An office desk with a flat screen monitor, keyboard, mouse, and a large CPU on the desktop.
A boy uses a mouse and looks at a laptop on a wooden desk.
Two rugs and some red pillows have been tossed on the couch.
a ball is next to a wood desk
Stuffed animals sit on top of bookshelves in a library.
Every computer techie deserves a corner of his own.
A computer keyboard sitting next to a  computer mouse.
A calculator on a desk and a laptop computer and desktop. 
the desk has a television on it with speakers
A row of laptop computers sitting on a long desk.
A cup of tea sitting in front of a laptop.
A living room is fitted with a large couch, fireplace, some lamps, and a TV.
A computer monitor sits upon a make-shift desk in a cluttered room.
A television in the back office of a building.
A red cell phone is sitting on top of a red laptop beside a computer mouse. 
A man with a ponytail works outside on his laptop and a woman watches him.
A young man sitting at a simple desk with a laptop computer and bed in the background.
Desktop metal artwork depicting a person riding a bicycle.
A man sitting at a table by an open laptop raising his hand
Small computer station holding a white computer. 
a couple of different kinds of computers are next to each other
A man with a silly look holding up a box of doughnuts.
A laptop and desk clutter, papers and wires.
This room contains a couch, a chair, a glass table with chairs and a flat screen television on top of a entertainment center.
a living room filled with couches chairs and a water cooler sitting on a hard wood floor
A computer desk with keyboard and mouse 
A Berlin notepad and a Berlin book next to a laptop.
A camera is sitting on a desk near a computer keyboard.
A half full mug next to a light up keyboard.
A picture has been altered with text for notations
A shadowy hand is typing on a white keyboard.
A loaf of bread with a knife for cutting sitting among several piggy banks
A table with four computers on top, three of which are laptops
A grey and white cat on a desk next to a desktop computer.
A woman and teddy bear are sitting in chairs.
A man holding up a banana in an office 
A small cat sitting on an office chair.
A computer setup has a desktop, laptop, and smartphone
A cat crawling between a computer screen and keyboard.
A very clean shiny desk near a window
A man is typing near a desk cluttered with electronics.
A group of people seated and holding remotes with a tv monitor at the front
Hand on the keyboard of a laptop not turned on yet.
There is a desktop computer sitting on a desk.
a desk with a book and a computer on it 
A computer sitting on top of a desk.
There are several items on the desk with the keyboard.
Red tabby cat sitting on a desk between computer monitors.
A PC computer with a color monitor that has stickers around the outside of it and a wire tray as the keyboard holder.
A desk area with two monitors, and lap top.
A young persons clean and orderly bedroom and desk.
Mac computer, tablet, and iphone sitting on a computer desk.
The office is equipped with all the newest equipment.
A white shaggy dog laying it's head on top of a computer keyboard.
A picture of a laptop and a desktop computer on a desk. 
A table with electronics such as a computer, cell phone, laptop and a cordless phone.
Two cats lounging on a person arm and leg.
An office with a desk, bookshelves, computer, and laptop.
Two laptops sitting beside each other on a desk.
A thin wireless keyboard sitting on a table top.
a wooden table with a keyboard by a monitor on a stand
There is a small screen next to a typer
a computer sitting in the corner of a room 
some books a keyboard a mouse a desk and a monitor
A hand that is sitting on a mouse next to a keyboard.
A computer sitting on a desk with candy and drinks by it.
computer screen and computer mouse glowing in the dark
a guy using scissors on his computer  
a mac mouse and keyboard on a desk
A woman in scarf sitting at table with laptop.
A plate with carrots with dip and nachos with dip and other snack foods.
A wooden desk office space with a functioning computer.
A cat sleeping with is hear resting on a keyboard
Two laptops on carpet with door in the background.
A class room full of students and they are on their laptops.
a desk with a laptop, computer and a rocket 
A computer that has a picture of a frowning face on it.
People in a room with desks and laptops, one person is taking pictures.
A room filled with different types of items all around.

There is a desk top computer and keyboard on a desk
A glass desk with a variety of electronic equipment on it.
A living room with a couch, table and chairs and picture hanging on the wall.
A singular coffee mug sitting at the edge of a table.
A coffee cup with a design of roses on it.
A boy bends over and places his head on a desk, near a computer
A wooden table sitting next to a red wall topped with a computer monitor.
A cat is resting its paws on a keyboard while lounging across a chair.
A desktop computer next to a laptop computer.
A bowl of pasta with a savory wafer sitting in from of a computer keyboard.
A closeup of a keyboard on a desk 
a blury image of a computer mouse and keyboard
A kitten sitting on the keyboard of a computer.
A frizzy haired cat lying on top of a laptop on a desk.
A yellow and green bird sits on a human hand.
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sitting on a desk.
A view of a mouse and keyboard, with an apple computer in back.
A desk covered in electronic devices in what seems to be a lab.
Someone brought donuts to the office, and these women are both eating them.
A desk that has a computer and soda on it.
A black and yellow computer mouse next to a keyboard and a yellow light in the background.
A desk with a desktop computer on top and a bed at the corner
A group of people in a classroom are using a simulator.
A cat sitting next to a computer on a desk.
A table with a computer and a lamp is in the corner with a leather chair in front of it and a television on a stand is to the side.
 bunch of toy men near a computer keyboard and a book
There are three computer screens and three phones in this room.
A couple of people that are playing a video game.
A white and silver keyboard and mouse sit on a serface.
A TV sitting next to a computer sitting on top of a desk.
A desktop computer with a grassy field background
A coffee cup sitting on a book. 
A teacher teaching students in a classroom fulled of students.
A group of people playing a game with some remote controllers.
A dog sitting on a computer chair looking at the camera.
An aerial view of an office, showing three people at work.
Various electronics on a desk wired into a computer terminal
A napping cat rests its head on a laptop keyboard.
A cup half full and a pen next to it
A black-and-white photo of an older gentleman on the computer.
The small dog is standing on the desk next to the computer.
a flower in a vase next to a laptop and a keyboard
A laptop is kept open on the table A black cat sitting beside it.
this office also has musical equipment in it
Woman on her laptop while petting her cat.
A home computer and a chair in a room.
a man and a child use computer keyboards and monitors
A banana with a large rotten spot sits near a cup.
Two computer monitors sit in an office cubicle.
A cat sitting on a very small laptop. 
A black computer keyboard in a dim room
Two men with wii remotes playing video games.
A person is typing on a computer keyboard
A office desk with a computer monitor and a cellphone on it.
Three balloons tied to a laptop in a room full of laptops.
a man working on computers at a desk in his home
a bunch of computers that are on a desk
some people sitting at a table with some laptops and a soundboard
a room with some drawers a table monitor and a lamp
A dusty computer keyboard and mouse sit in a toolshed.
A room filled with lots of clocks on it's walls.
The small cat is looking intently into the camera.
The cat is laying on the desk by the computer screen. 
Woman cradling phone while holding small food plate.
A cluttered office with a notebook computer beside a keyboard and monitor.
A desk with a lot of computer equipment and tangled wires.
A tablet computer sitting between a keyboard and a monitor.
A woman sitting and looking at a laptop in a black and white photo.
A mouse and mouse pad next to a computer keyboard.
A man with long hair and a blue shirt sitting in front of a computer.
Several computers on top of a long sectional table. 
A cat sitting on the floor in front of a computer and a desk.
A dog is curled up by a computer with a mouse on his back.
This small cubicle includes a phone, keyboard, and monitor.
A dog curled up on a couch between a sleeping girl and a boy playing computer games. 
A computer keyboard and mouse next to each other.
A black cat resting on a computer keyboard.
A laptop on a stand with an external keyboard connected.
Manual for keyboard and mouse with keyboard and mouse in background.
A single cat standing at attention in a dimly lit room.
A computer set up with two large monitors on a desk
A desktop computer and two laptop computers on a corner desk.
A laptop computer on a desk with a mouse, keyboard and headphones connected.
A bunch of items laid out on a table to be packed up.
A black cat is sitting on the wooden desk. 
A man resting his legs on a desk next to a computer keyboard.
An office cubicle with a desk, a laptop and desktop computers.
A man leaning in to see the laptop he is using
A teddy bear is posed on a chair in front of a computer holding a card with hearts on it. 
A mouse that is sitting near a keyboard.
A cat sits on top of a keyboard. 
The two computer desks each have two laptops on them. 
two computes in an office space. one is a lap top 
Three people sitting at a table on laptops
A person is holding a pink doughnut with sprinkles near a computer.
A woman is sitting at a desk using a computer.
A young child looks at a laptop screen.
an office desk full of electronic equipment and paperwork
an image of a computer and keyboard 
Workers stand in a factory with equipment and boxes around.
The computer desk has many electronics and books on it.
The cat is in front of someone's laptop on their lap.
a person holding an piece of an eaten sandhwich next to a lap top computer
A home computer and desk in a room.
The desktop an laptop computers have been set together.
An office has two chairs and a desk.
a person siting at a desk with a laptop
a cat laying on a white computer keyboard
A wooden computer desk with a computer sitting on top of it.
An open book next to a computer keyboard.
A set of headphones sits on a notebook at a computer desk.
A desk with multiple computer screens forming one large screen.
A cubicle has a computer with two monitors on the desk.
A desk with two computer monitors and a wired keyboard and mouse.

two men standing in front of a screen with an audience in the background
An angle shot of a computer keyboard and a straight shot of a computer mouse.
People are all  leaned over computers in a dark room 
A man next to a computer monitor that has his game character on screen.
a laptop that is on a desk with many other things
A computer sits on a table in a hotel room.
This room is furnished with a couch, bicycle, desk, chairs, coffee table, keyboard, and projector screen.
A game displayed on the screen of an entertainment system.
A computer desk is full of office equipment.
A computer desk topped with electronics devices and a computer.
a man eating at his work desk 
A computer keyboard sitting next to a mouse.
A person's legs and feet up on a computer desk by the keyboard.
a small area with a table and chair computer with a nice view out the window
A small dog sleeps in a basket on a computer desk.
A gray cat sitting on a desk by a computer monitor.
A teddy bear is perched against a computer monitor screen.
A little boy playing a video game while another boy is on a laptop.
White desktop computer sitting in the middle of a room. 
A teddy bear with a bowtie is wearing headphones.
A computer mouse sits on a clean white computer keyboard.
a woman sitting at her computer desk working with her computer.
a person sitting in a chair using a cell phone 
A pear shape chocalet cake with frostering being used as ribbons.
The computer desk has books, a cell phone, and pictures on the cubicle walls. 
A man in a blue shirt sits in his office chair.
one laptop two monitors two keyboards and two mice
A keyboard, mouse and computer monitor on a desk with a laptop.
The woman is taking a picture as other look on from the room.
a table with two computers and a camera on it 
An electronic gadget connected to a keyboard and wireless mouse. 
a desk topped with multple computer monitors with the same screensaver
a cat is sleeping next to a computer mouse
Three white computers sitting on a desktop surface.
A cell phone, laptop, tablet, mouse and adapter lying on a black surface.
A home desk set up with telephone, two monitors, laptop and sound
 a man sitting at a desk working on his computer
A person holding a half eaten piece of pizza.
There people watching another person using DJ equipment.
A laptop sits next to a computer monitor on a desk. 
A man is using a small laptop computer 
Stack of books sitting in front of a keyboard. 
a work desk with papers a computer keyboard and mouse
an apple desk top sitting on top of a desk 
A person sitting at a desk typing on a keyboard in front of a laptop.
A person using their desktop to play a racing game.
a view of the back of a persons head siting at a computer
A group of people playing video games next to a library.
A desk and entertainment area with multiple monitors, speakers, and consoles has many cords.
A man and a woman are sitting at a booth with their computers.
A blond married man in a green T-shirt sits in front of a computer keyboard taking a bite out of a donut. 
a black and orange cat is resting on a keyboard and yellow back scratcher
a person relaxing with their ankles crossed at a desk
Three computer screens sit atop a wooden desk.
A computer on a desk next to a window
very many computer monitors in a room not well arranged
A small computer keyboard, box and matching mouse
Two computers are shown together on a desk.
The large black cat sits next to the wireless computer mouse.
THIS IS A CLOSE UP PICTURE OF A KEYBOARD AND EAR PIECES
A picture of a home office with a desk and computer.
A computer mouse and keyboard and monitor. 

A cat laying next to a computer keyboard.
A desk with keyboard, Xbox controller and multiple glasses.
A desk with a desk top and laptop computer
A kitchen area with counter holding a laptop and coffee cup.
The black, brown, and white cat is sleeping on a closed laptop.
a close up of a person sitting on a chair holding a nintendo wii remote 
Two guys play video games in the living room.
A laptop computer on a desk with headphones and a mouse.
Boys and girls enjoy lunch in their classroom.
A child plays a video game on a computer with a flat-screen monitor.
A hand on a computer mouse in front of a desktop computer 
A man in grey shirt holding a green kite in a room.
The inside view of a very clean, smartly decorated living room.
Two men talking while sitting down with their MacBooks.
A cup of coffee next to a laptop of some sort.
Miscellaneous electronic computer devices and printer on desk. 
A room with a bed, dresser, desk, television and a very wide window.
A person working with a mouse and keyboard on a computer
A laptop and a desktop computer sit on a desk.
A computer keyboard with two men sitting beyond.
A laptop right next to a small computer
A stuffed animal bear with head phones at a desk.
A woman in a pink sweater at an office desk with computer and business paperwork.
A couple of kids sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A boy standing next to a man in front of a chair. 
A computer desk topped with a camera and a computer.
PEOPLE WITH LUGGAGE USING THEIR LAPTOP COMPUTERS WHILE SITTING ON THE FLOOR
people in scrubs sit in front of large equipment in a hallway
A close up of a cat next to a computer mouse
a desk filled with different computer equipment. 
This shows an innovative Apple device and a keyboard. 
an  image of a two large monitors in a computer center
there is a small lap top surrounded by other things
A desk with shortwave radio, computer system and papers. 
A girl is on her bed hugging a cat.
Office with three large cabinets, a desk and some chairs
Two donuts are on a plate on a desk.
A desk which has two computer screens and a laptop, as well as other gadgets. 
A group of computers sit on top of a desk.
a desk with computer stuff on it with a phone
A floor mat with a keyboard design in a classroom.
A home office with two monitors in front of a window.
A couple of giant computer monitors sitting on top of a table.
a wooden desk with two keyboards speakers and a monitor
An old computer monitor on a night stand with the keyboard and mouse on the bed.
A computer image designed to look like a see through computer.
A view of a workspace with computer, electronics, a chair and television.
A monitor, keyboard and mouse on a desk. 
A table with two laptops and a monitor on it. 
a mans hand along with a cats paw on a keyboard
A cat laying on a computer keyboard tray near a monitor.
A little girl sitting at a desk typing on a keyboard.
A person's desk with a computer and many books in a case behind it.
A baby being held up, is sitting,  watching something on a laptop.
A cat with large eyes and a muscular face looking on for a photo opp.
A lady seated at a heavy wooden desk using a laptop PC.
A living room with very large windows and natural light.
A hand that is on a mouse, next to a laptop.
Woman sitting on chair in room with electronic monitor and books.
A desk with one laptop and one computer on top of it.
The cat is helping his owner play on the computer.
A carrot and celery are on a cutting board.
A notebook computer is set up with an additional keyboard and monitor.
A keyboard with all keys sitting on a wooden table. 
A laptop computer on a metal stand at the edge of a park
A young man watching television at a desk with a laptop and a notebook.
An animation plays in the background on the TV within the living room.
A cat is sitting on a desk in between a keyboard and a monitor. 
two computer displays sitting on a table with a music keyboard.
A laptop computer is sitting on a corner desk.
Close up shot of a white keyboard on a wood desk
A cluttered desk with open books and a CRT monitor.
A man is holding a bottle of wine at his computer.
A laptop and a keyboard rest on stacks of books. 
A computer monitor is attached to a wall near a keyboard and mouse on a desk.
a person on a desk with a large stack of something
An office is filled with a desk, computer, printer, laptop, and chair.
A laptop, keyboard and a lamp on a table.
a man is playing nintendo wii and four people are watching
A corner desk with computers on it and a guitar beside it.
there are three laptops turned on and sitting on a shelf.
An elaborate computer setup containing two computers and a speaker system.
Man in red shirt holding up a laptop in the kitchen. 
A man eating pizza at the computer with his legs on the desk.
The computer is sitting on a desk with a lot of cartoon figures. 
The woman are sitting at the restaurant table on the laptop.
A sandwich made of english muffins on a plate.
a wooden desk with a black and silver computer 
A work desk with computers and drinks on it
An old computer with a floppy disk drive is on display.
A coffee mug with decorative circles sitting in front of a keyboard
Man standing on a chair looking at a computer.
A laptop on a desk in a room.
A monitor sitting next to a keyboard, headphones and another monitor.
The young man is eating pizza as he uses the computer.
A computer sitting on top of a desk.
A couple of monitors sitting on a desk, with a shelf behind it.
A grey laptop on white desk next to mouse.
Two computer mice near one another on a desk
a small laptop sitting on a larger laptop
A table pc sitting on top of a wooden table.
A banana smashed in a cup on a desk.
two monitors three laptops a keyboard and a desk
Stylish computer desk with color bars on the display.
An office desk with a computer turned on and a telephone and papers.
A man is using his laptop on a traveling train.
The parrot is biting the keys of a laptop. 
The computer desk has two monitors and large headphones on it.
A cat laying on top of a wooden desk under computer monitors.
a desk a keyboard two monitors papers books and a cup
Three students at computers in a small room.
A keyboard equipped with a gel wrist wrest.
Two girls sitting and eating together while taking a photo.
A laptop computer is on a table outside with an umbrella above it. 
A coffee cup that is in front of a keyboard.
A computer keyboard and mouse with wires about connected to an electronic device.
Old style computer with keyboard and mouse sitting on rug. 
A computer keyboard, mouse, and a animal's tail which could belong to a cat.
A desk with a large monitor and two speakers.
A computer sits on a desk next to other items.
A computer desk, with a laptop on a stand, a keyboard, and a mouse.
A meat sandwich sitting on top of a white plate.
Some computer stuff and a cell phone on a desk.
A brown surface holds a computer mouse, a laptop, a key board and a bottle of water.
Two cats are sitting on a computer keyboard.
There is no image here to provide a caption for.
A cup of coffee in the middle of a desk.
A young male child with headphones on is playing on the computer.
Two electronic devices, one with a large keyboard, the other with a clock display.
a persons hand near a phone and computer
A cat sits in front of an iMac desktop computer
A very cute dark cat standing near a computer.
There are three monitors and one laptop out on the desk.
A busy office desk holds a laptop computer and a desktop computer.
An Apple laptop computer sitting on a desk.
A cat laying on a bowl on a table in front of a fish tank.
A home computer and some books on a desk.
A keyboard is shown on an orange surface.
A spotless computer desk which waits for its owner to return.
Three computer monitors sitting on top of a wooden table.
Shelves are stacked with dvd's by a computer desk.
A dog is napping on a couch in a messy room.
There are three different computer screens showing the same thing.
a computer is sitting on a white desk
A hand holding a black cellphone over a black keyboard.
A boy sitting at a desk with a note pad and calculator. 
An ornate bedroom with a bed, chairs, trunk, and chessboard. 
a desk with two laptops and a glass of wine
THIS IS A PHOTO OF SOMEONES PERSONAL WORK SPACE
Clutter of computers and books on a long work table.
A desk that has three computers on top of it.
a table top with some computers on top of it 
Two guys playing wii in a living room.
a close up of a pair of headphones near a keyboard on a desk
An office area that has a computer and printer.
A man whose mouth is full of something.
A keyboard and a mouse on a purple mousepad.
A close up photo of a mouse and a keyboard.
Three computers networked together in a work station.
A brown and white dog sits on a chest while a black and white cat sits on the floor nearby.
Four up close pictures of a computer keyboard
A little baby playing with a mouse and keyboard.
A stack of mail on top of a desk.
A baby on a bed looks like it is typing on a laptop.
a santa claus figurine looking at a laptop
Room with a couch, keyboard next to the double doors, and a computer chair in front of a table with a computer on it.
There is a piece of pepperoni pizza and a piece of sausage pizza.
Two cats seem quite cozy sleeping on a laptop.
A WOOD COMPUTER DESK AND A BLACK KEYBOARD 
A bedroom with a bed, desk, and window.
A computer desk with multiple monitors left on.
Two laptops sit open and powered up on a desk
A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.
A laptop is sitting on the same table as three computer monitors.
A wooden table topped with four laptop computers.
A room contains three computer screens and many colorful posters.
A narrow bedroom has an unmade bed and wooden floors.
A home office with two computers and a bookcase
A plate of vegetables is ready to be eaten. 
A desk with keyboard, mouse, computer monitor and lamp.
A desk with various papers and folders on it next to a poster of a cat.
An office with a desk and a clock mounted on the wall above it.
a black keyboard with some red and white lettering
A laptop on a desk with several decorations on it.
A computer mouse, keyboard and various office items on a desk.
A couple of cats laying on a chair.
A person sitting at a desk with a computer.
A man sitting in front of an open laptop computer.
A room with a television and a desk with a computer.
A dog looking at the keyboard of a computer.
A man is looking at the screen with two computers.
a laptop computer a keyboard with a screen a mouse and home phone
A full beautiful view of a computer screen in a room. 
A desktop computers sitting on a desk next to a laptop.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a red desk next to a mouse.
An unorganized desk with alcohol, a laptop, computer and a phone.
A desk with two computers and other work materials.
Desk, books and computer on desk in a room.
A cat sits in front of a laptop while sitting on it's owners lap.
there is a desk with two computers by the window
Man sitting at modern desk performing official business in room.
A cat standing on top of a wooden table next to a computer monitor.
A laptop computer that is sitting on a carpet.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
Two desktop computers and a laptop are sitting on a desk.
A display of different angles of a keyboard and a wireless mouse.
There is a desktop computer on a desk and many photos and a deer head on the wall. 
Various items such as sunglasses, keys, and batteries on a table
For some reason cats and kittens like to sit on computer keyboards.
Young men in a classroom each with his own laptop open.
A computer set up on a desk with three additional monitors
there is an adult black cat in the cat bed
A cat that is laying down in front of a computer on a keyboard.
Homemade device with laptop keyboard secured to wooden board.
a laptop sitting on top of a box on a desk
A cat sleeping on a computer keyboard. 
A close up picture of a samsung computer and keyboard.
A couple of laptop computers sitting on top of a bed.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a desk next to a keyboard.
The typist is busy working at the computer keyboard.
Plates of food consisting of different meats and some rice. 
A cluttered desk holds two laptops and a desktop. 
Two men looking at a piece of paper with a laptop in the background.
A kitchen that has a big chrome fridge and an island.
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
A computer desk in a room with a chair and other accessories. 
The desk is near the bed in the room.
A door is wide open and pouring sunlight into a living room.
Guy sitting at desk working on his laptop.
a room that has some chairs in it
The man sits at the library table in front of the laptop.
A girl is making a powerpoint on a laptop.

A cat walking on a desk next to a computer. 
A laptop is sitting beside a desktop computer on a small desk.
a guy that is sitting down with a keyboard in front of him
A computer on a desk in a room.
A desk with a keyboard, monitor, and laptop sitting on it. 
A computer chair sitting in front of an office desk.
an image of boy on a laptop with messy room
There is a keyboard, mouse, monitor, speaker, and phone on the desk.
A neat desk has folders and a computer.
Laptop and mouse on table in a cafe.
Black-and-white cat walking over top of a laptop. 
A small office with a desktop computer and a laptop.
Bright yellow walls in a living room add a blast of warm color.
This appears to be a loft full of furniture.
This is a bedroom with a bed and a blank wall 
a plate that has some sandwiches on it
A desk with two open laptops and a coffee mug.
A computer keyboard with shadows from unseen light source..
the laptop and other computer equipment are on the table of the dimmed room.
A man with a computer keyboard in his lap and his legs on a desk
A man is eating a small bagel with a box in his lap.
Computers and televisions sit in a row on an office desk.
A desk that includes a planner, pen and paper, phone, calculator, mouse and keyboard.
An orange and white cat peaks around a computer monitor.
a desk with four monitors a keyboard and one laptop
A monitor, keyboard, mouse and speakers on a desk.
The keyboard and monitor is on the table with a lot of cords.
a white computer mouse in front of a keyboard
A black and white cat standing on keyboard next to a computer monitor.
A desktop with dual monitors and other office equipment.
A cupcake is sitting next to a card with a cupcake on top of it.
an entertainment center with a large television showing a space shuttle launch
There is a computer on the work desk.
A computer that has two keyboards attached to it.
A girl looks unhappy as she sits in front of the computer.
a large office filled with computer items and papers
A computer and keyboard sitting on a desk with other accessories. 
A desk that is cluttered and has two laptop screens.
A girl who is sitting in a chair in front of a computer.
Tidy young adult male's desk and computer area.
a desk with two laptops and a desktop computer on it
There is a person typing on a computer 
A white cat is sleeping on a desk next to a computer monitor and keyboard.
A computer that has a screen shot of the part of the desk that wouldl be missing
A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A desktop computer is sitting on a wooden desk.
A room filled with furniture and a bed next to a desk.
A gray shaggy dog sits on top of an old desk next to a computer.
Young adults playing and watching others play video games.
A round illuminated ball next to a laptop on a desk.
An old computer keyboard growing algae under the water.
There is a bike and furniture in the different rooms .
A cat sitting on a desk next to a laptop, computer and a chair.
A home office with desk, chairs, and book shelves built into the wall.
A dog sits under a desk with a computer on it.
A desk with two laptops, two computers, headphones and a cell phone. 
a cat lays its head down on a laptops keys 
The desk has two drinks and a small computer on it.
Large oak desk with laptop, keyboard, and pictures on shelves.
The matching keyboard and computer mouse are on the table.
A small desk set up with a variety of electronics

an at home office with several computer towers and a laptop on a desk
Three computers are sitting on an already crowded desk.
An Apple computer with a mouse and a keyboard. 
Children and young adults checking in luggage at a travel terminal kiosk. 
A person holds a cell phone that is switched off.
A cup of coffee sits next to a keyboard and mouse.
A django sitting on a desk next to a mouse and keyboard.
A small chair sitting at a desk with a computer on it.
An image of a computer monitor with a keyboard on it.
Sailors in a control center talk on a radio.
A group of people sitting at tables in a room.
One small laptop and one larger laptop on a table.
A computer desk with a keyboard next to a computer mouse.
A television mounted on a wall next to some shelves above a table with a remote on it.
A long table with a bunch of laptops on it.
A camera, with a high powered lens, sitting on a table in front of a computer.
An open laptop computer on a glass-top desk.
A living room with a desktop computer setup on a table. 
A keyboard, mouse, software, and papers on a wood table.
Motorola cellular phone leaning against a computer keyboard.
a boy at a desk on his laptop 
A picture of a man on a video screen with keyboard, mouse and a digital gage that reads 209 in front.
A wireless mouse is connected to the keyboard for a full charge.
A black cat rests next to a keyboard on a messy desk.
Someone who is holding a device that hooks up to a computer.
A computer desk with a flat screen monitor and lots of stuff.
A laptop computer, a computer screen and a mouse
A girl works on two different netbooks at once. 
A man is holding a computer keyboard and mouse.
A computer desk has three computers on it.
A group of people sitting in front of a computer talking.
A desktop and laptop computer are seen next to each other.
A printer is surrounded by computer keyboards, cords, and other equipment.  
A dog sitting on the floor near two wooden chairs sitting at a wooden desk.
the cat is standing on the desk beside the computer
a plate covered with assorted meats and a knife and fork 
A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.
There is a counter top filled with computers.
A man with headphones sitting at a desk looking at a computer.
A closeup shot of a black cat's paw and a laptop keyboard. 
Three cats sit on a table looking at a computer screen. 
a couple of monitors are on a wood desk
A boy is sitting at a desk using a computer.
A home office with three laptops and a desktop with speakers.
Multiple computers set up on a desk in an office.
A woman sitting at a chair by a computer on her desk
A clean office holds a desk, computer, telephone and office chair.
A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer.
A dorm room has christmas lights around its window.
Computer screen with the keyboard and printer sitting next to it. 
A cat is sitting in the chair of a computer desk.
A man sitting on a chair in front of a computer. 
a small boy with a laptop and a mouse and brown desk
A plate of many different types of vegetables.
A cat stands near a box of pizza on the floor. 
an image of various items set out on a table
a person sanding with a keyboard on his neck
this is a desk with balloons on it
A man in a store holds his phone up.
close up of the zoom button a computer keyboard
A puppy walking on top of a desk near a computer.
Several wires around a laptop and other electrical boxes.
A dog sits in a room with a couch, table, and desk.
The clean keyboard is silver with white keys. 
A desk with two laptops, a computer monitor and a telephone.
a small toy bear is sitting on a cake
A desk with a computer, telephone and speakers on it. 
The computer monitor on the desk has speakers on each side of it.
A usb keyboard is connected to a computer.
Black and white, close up of top-side view of a CD next to an open lap top.
Someone drawling in a big open building sitting in a chair.
MAN WITH TIE SHOWING A DISPLAY OF PRODUCTS
a brown and white dog is standing on a white chair
A row of various writing utensils in front of a keyboard.
A room filled with computers and laptops on a desk.
A collection of books being used to create a keyboard rest at a standing desk.
A desk with a computer on it in front of a window 
A laptop computer is on a desk next to another desk with a computer.
A desk has a keyboard, mouse, and two monitors on it.
some phones on a wooden table and a laptop
Many items including plastic cups have been placed beside computer.
A brown, black, and white cat sleeps next to a laptop computer.
A person typing on an old keyboard rather quickly
A hotel room is neatly organized and ready for guests.
A man is working on a laptop computer at a desk.
A computer desk with both a laptop and a desktop computer. 
A person playing a wii video game in a room
A work desk with a laptop covered with pictures, books, and files. 
A television is by a bar with a wine glass.
A studio apartment with bed, tv, and desk
A kitten crawling on the keyboard of a desktop computer.
A laptop and a home computer on a desk.
a close up of two keyboards and two computer mouses
A computer on a desk with boxes of components.
A messy room with a tv, bed, and two computer screens. 
The computer desk has many office electronics on it.
Image of a smartphone being consulted in front of a laptop.
A cat laying next to a laptop computer on the desk.
A pile of wires and computer keyboards with computer mice.
Three girls in front of cupcakes and a baked house.
A long desk holding a computer and a musical keyboard.
A small laptop computer sitting on a wooden table.
The man is holding up his chat pad in his hand
An desk with a chair, a computer, a fishbowl and other items stand in an office. 
a desk with a monitor keyboard and laptop
A cake with people decorations sitting on a table.
Desk with two computers and two different chairs.
a man wearing headphones looking something on his laptop
A person with a pieces of food net to a computer. 
The computer is on the wooden desk with power on.
A dog is sleeping in a bed underneath a desk.
A desk with a computer and very large speakers.
Varying types of nerd paraphernalia arranged on an office desk
An untidy desk with a laptop computer, printer, and various related items and papers.
bare desk with computer and mouse on top, with headphone hanging from the wall, with an overhead light.
a computer a keyboard a mouse and a monitor
Cat sitting next to white electronic keyboard  on table.
A laptop computer sitting upon a table near a bright lamp.
A white laptop sits on a car seat
A bunch of bananas and a laptop on a table.
Two computers with mouses are shown on a table.
a desk that has some computers on it
A person doing thumbs up over a box of pizza.
A child uses a cell phone plugged into a charger.
A metal statue of a person riding a bicycle on wooden counter.
A wooden desk has three computers on it
Many members of the navy work while on a ship.
A black and white cat sleeping near a laptop. 
A big pile of various old electronic equipment.
A personal computer and a laptop are sitting on a desk with a few books.
A laptop on a round table in a garden behind a home.
Men and women sitting down in a computer lab . 
A cat is trying to sleep on a persons desk.
An open lap top computer on a wooden corner desk.
A workstation complete with anything one might need.
a room with a mirror and a desk with a monitor
A person is on a laptop computer which is in front of a brick wall. 
Older people gather round the living room playing a Wii console
There is a mouse and a cup that is on the desk
A room lighted with purple light and home lighting effects.
Two men sit on a couch and watch the tv.
A girl with a her feet up using a laptop in a car.
A gentleman who is pointing to the green stuff on his keyboard.
a table that has a couple of computers on it
man is removing a cork from wine bottle
A large brown tabby cat with his arm over a computer keyboard.
Two notebook computers sit on top of a table.
Two people playing wii in a living room. 
A variegated plant on top of a flat piece of wood. 
The teddy bear is facing toward the computer keyboard.
A person is typing on a computer keyboard.
A cat using his/her paw to play with a keyboard.
a white keyboard sitting next to a white computer mouse on a mouse pad.
A computer keyboard sitting on top of a wooden table.
A stuffed polar bear posed to be looking at a real polar bear on a computer.
Man works on repairing a computer in workshop.  
A black cat sitting on a desk with a computer.
The man is relaxing on his deck with his laptop 
A black cat is sitting on an office chair.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A long desk has two computers on it.
A work cubical with a work station cluttered with miscellaneous clutter and a computer.
An office with two desks  in an office building.
The computer desk is arranged neatly with electronics.
A person using a table pc with their finger.
A person sitting at a desk with their feet on top with a laptop in their lap 
Some sliced apples are in a white bowl
Woman with fingers poised over the keyboard of a laptop.
A silver mouse sits on a white keyboard.
A desktop computer keyboard next to a mouse.
A man with sitting at a desk with a laptop and mouse.
The orange cat with green eyes is near a keyboard. 
An orange at putting its paws on a keyboard.
Computer mouse near keyboard on white surface area.
The man is putting his feet up on the desk.
A cup of liquid is served on a saucer.
Two lap top computers that have been set next to each other.
a photo of a monitor and a computer keyboard on a desk
A woman stands in a room with a desk and computer.
A desk with two laptops and one desktop.
an office decorated with a flower stencil and many potted plants across a window.
Two women pack up boxes of different donuts.
A view of a desktop with a laptop and normal keyboard and mouse on it. 
A man plays a Nintendo Wii video game. 
A sandwich on cornbread with several toppings on it.
A group of people with laptop computers and books sitting at tables.
The dark cat is near a keyboard and computer monitor.
A COMPUTER LAB WITH COMPUTERS IN IT 
There is a laptop and it is hooked up to two monitors.
Two computers and a digital camera are on a desk.
A small work area with a desk and shelves and a computer.
An office with binders on a book shelf.
A desk and chair with two computer monitors on the desk.
A woman wearing sunglasses sitting at a desk looking at her laptop
A workstation with a keyboard, cup of coffee, and memo pad.
A smiling brown and tan stuffed animal beside a computer.
There are a few computers running on the table. 
A book that is being held open by a laptop that is on top of a corner.
The program is open on the desktop and ready to be used

There is a room with various items in the picture.

A cluttered room with bookshelves and desk crowded with computers. 
A cat laying on a keyboard in front of two monitors.
A couple of laptop computers sitting on a  counter.
Two people sitting in reclining chairs watching something on a TV attached to a laptop.
A dark colored animal curled up on a sofa
Two monitors sitting on a desk by a chair and a window.
A home office with a desktop computer and a laptop computer.
A computer keyboard sitting next to a speaker.
A computer on a desk with many wires.
A desk with a cellphone, keyboard and two computer monitors.
A man in an office playing some type of game on a television.
a computer desk area with electronic devices on it
White desktop computer sitting in front of a red chair. 
Computer keyboards on a table with a mouse.
A man is eating food in front of computer screen.
Electronic equipment including a keyboard on a desk.
a keyboard, mouse and monitor on a brown desk
A brown cat next to a desktop computer with keyboard and mouse
A man using a small green computer at a desk.
A desk with a laptop, a desktop monitor and a printer.
A living room with a grey couch and computer desk.
The desk in the office has a lot of paperwork on it. 
A mouse, keyboard and an ipod on the table
a grey cat sleeping on a leather chair
Computers monitors and keyboards on tables in a computer lab.
Two pieces of bruit are set bside a keyboard.
Swirl gummy bears sitting on top of a laptop
A keyboard and a mouse sitting on a table.
A desk with a laptop and two computer monitors.
a desk with a computer sitting on top of it 
Three computers, equipment and papers on a table.
The monitor and shelves are big enough for all the workers to use.
A computer keyboard and mouse on a table.
A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
Three screens with Johnny Depp in image with white wall
Two open laptops right next to each other.
An open laptop is on the counter with other various objects, including a couple of keyboards and a mouse.
Desk workspace with modern monitor and two keyboards.
A computer displays the "blue screen of death" or fatal error often associated with windows.
Fisheye photograph of a room with a bicycle and desk.
A desk with multiple computers on it in a room. 
A cat sitting on a desk and keyboard with his back towards us
A laptop on a bed in a room.
A cat lies in front of two monitors next to a computer keyboard.
There are boxes of donuts on the tables.
A man sitting at a conference table in front of a logo on a wall.
A hand, in a claw like position, hovers over a pair of scissors with black handles.
A person's glasses, headphones and the computer mouse sitting on a laptop.
a desk with a monitor and a keyboard
A desk is organized with figurines beside the speaker.
The computer screen has a wikipedia page showing. 
A cat is laying on the computer desk next to the monitor. 
A laptop computer with an external monitor on a very neat desk.
There is a computer set up on a book shelf
A cat sits next to a plate that sits in front of a computer screen.
A furry black cat is sitting on a computer keyboard.
A lava lamp sitting next to a monitor with a similar design.
A cat poses for a picture while sitting on a book that is on a swiveling office chair.
two children at a table with laptop 
Desk area with laptop computer, external keyboard and iPod
a cat that is standing on a red chair
Three computer monitors on a bench two powered on.
a desk with more than one computer on it 
A small cockateil pecks around a computer keyboard.
The computer desk with the large monitor has a laptop next to it.
A person sitting in front of a computer in a cubicle.
A very neat corner office with a desktop and a laptop computer, plus all sorts of nifty office equipment. 
a wooden table a phone and two laptops and a mouse
Man stands at the counter as the woman pours him a glass of wine.
A golden dog laying next to a desk area.
A very cute cat laying down on a keyboard.
A workstation with a computer, notebook, and papers.
A television monitor is shown in an office area.
a small kid plays with a computer keyboard 
A notepad that is sitting in front of a few computers.
a cup with coffee sitting by a keyboard
An adult woman and infant playing on laptops.
A desk with two computers and two keyboards
A room with several televisions inside showing sports
A laptop connected to an Apple computer monitor.
A white keyboard and mouse near a laptop on a desk.
Some food that is sitting by a computer.
An Apple computer on a cluttered desk with a PSP.
A computer monitor, keyboard, phone and various papers sit on a desk.
A cat sitting on the keyboard of a computer 
A keyboard, a remote control, and two circuit boards with wires, all on top of a map.
A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a desktop monitor.
A desk with two computer monitors is seen in a bedroom.
A view of a laptop and keyboard, with a list next to it and a drink.
A bed with a very colorful quilt on it.
A dog laying in front of a laptop computer.
A home computer and keyboard on a desk.
A cup of coffee sitting on top of a desk next to a banana.
A laptop computer on a desk cluttered with peripheral wires.
Two cat by each other, one pawing at a computer screen.
A series of photos showing a person holding a computer mouse in their right hand.
A man in an office chair looking at a laptop next to a glass of wine.
A picture of a dorm room with a bed.
black Alienware keyboard sitting on a desk next to a mouse. 
A man and a woman both on laptop computers.
A wooden desk covered in laptop computers and monitors.
An office cubicle with a laptop and desktop on a desk 
A bunch of movies and shows are stacked by a computer.
A group of women work at a table cluttered with laptops and papers.
A black cat laying down next  to a computer keyboard. 
A man is sitting next to a computer system with two monitors, keyboard, and mouse and a desk that has many figurines and dolls atop of it
A monitor, keyboard, mouse, and laptop are sitting on a desk in front of a window.
There is a figurine by the computer keyboard in the office. 
A computer monitor, keyboard and mouse on a desk.
A coffee mug on the top of a desk.
An orange and white kitten laying on a black computer keyboard.
A desk with a keyboard, computer monitor and phone.
A laptop computer is sitting on a desk.
On a table a computer,a laptop,papers,books,some eatables in a tray and other things are kept.
a keyboard attached to a cell phone on a table 
an image of a keyboard on top of a desk area
A room with two computers and a television perched on a file cabinet.
A person holding a cell phone next to many others.
A couple of beds are in a hotel room
A black cat stands on a gray keyboard that is on the floor.
Two people holding up half eaten donuts over a desk.
A camera is sitting on a computer desk next to the mouse pad.
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden table.
People participate in a conference call in the lobby
There are two monitors sitting on the desk.
A woman is working at her computer at her desk.
A smiling man wearing headphones near a table filled with laptop computers.
a close up of a plate with a doughnut 
Two men in a room holding wii remotes.
A desk with shelves and a laptop and a desktop computer.
An Apple mouse rests near a foreign Apple keyboard. 
Close up of a blue rubber computer keyboard
A flip calender is next to the computer monitor and keyboard.
Many objects, including two parts and a keyboard are on the desk. 
A person uses a laptop while two others watch television.
Two males with laptops working at a table.
A view of kitchen sink and a desk area.
A man sitting at his desk looking at a computer .
A couple of cell phones sitting on top of a laptop keyboard.
A plate with food and a drink sitting on a table.
A frog of some sort near a computer monitor of some sort.
The cat is sitting in front of the computer.
A desk with a computer, keyboard and monitor.
A computer mouse and a keyboard on a desk.
This photo displays a messy desk that has two laptops on it among many other things.
Flowers are in vases, one is made of balloons.
A cell phone on top of a computer keyboard.
A person has their fingers on the keyboard.
A macro image of an apple keyboard. 
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A living room that has wooden shelves with many movies on them.
He must need two computers for his job.
Two computer monitors are sitting on a desk.
A man sitting at a desk with a green and white laptop on his lap.
Two computers on desk with images on screen
A computer workstation with dual monitors and a slide-out key board tray.  
A person is wearing a silly hat by a table with a cake.
Two students use laptop computers sitting at a desk.
A group of desktop computers sitting on top of a desk.
There is a panoramic view of many computers and lap tops on a desk
A person in a car is working on a laptop.
A women who is holding a steering wheel, possibly for a video game.
A desk has many photographs and other items on it.
A table with a monitor, keyboard and speakers on it. 
A tablet, a laptop and a computer on a desk
this is a desk with a computer on it
a man sitting at a desk while using a laptop 
A computer monitor and keyboard sit on a desk.
A computer desk topped with monitors and a laptop computer.
The computer desk has two laptops near the monitor.
Small office work area with a desk, computers, and other office supplies. 
A cat sleeps next to a keyboard and mouse.
The young cat is sitting directly on top of the laptop keyboard.
A view of a bedpost, desk, two windows, and a computer.
A man is holding onto a cup of coffee that sits in front of a keyboard.
The computer is turned off and the desk is clean and organized. 
A computer screen and keyboard on a desk.
A spliced picture of a couple of electronics.
a huge monitor sits on a desk with a bunch of papers
The man sits cross legged while typing on a laptop.
An unusual black and green computer keyboard besdie some books.
A workstation with a bunch of clutter and computers on it.
Messy computer desk with sketch pad being used for mouse pad
a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse sit on a table.
A television and a laptop computer in a room.
A cubicle desk outfitted with telephone, computer monitor, and personal items.
A backup external hard drive connected to a laptop computer.
A CD all scratched up sitting next to a keyboard.
An aerodynamic shaped computer mouse with a flash reflection in it.
There is a room with various items in the picture.
A cat places its mouth on a computer keyboard. 
Two flat computer keyboards laying on a table
A fat, fluffy blue-eyed cat resting on a table.
A desktop computer monitor sitting next to a keyboard.
A laptop computer, a PC monitor, a microwave and a lamp on a desk.
some people are sitting on a chair that looks like a book
A sitting room with a window, leather couches, computer desk, and dining table.
A lap top open with a blue spiral desktop.
Cat on ladies stomach starting at her face while a kitten looks on.
A keyboard, mouse, and computer monitor on a desk.
The teddy bear looks like he is surfing the internet.
A computer desk with an old pc and lots of clutter.
a table with a screen on it and a mouse
THERE IS A DESK TOP ON THE DESK 
A black cat sits on a desk next to a laptop.
A calico kitten hangs out on the computer keyboard.
An Apple thin keyboard with computer in tow
A computer sits on a desk next to some shelves. 
Large computer monitor sitting next to a laptop display. 
A cat lies on a cluttered computer desk in front of two monitors.
a desk with two laptops a keyboard and a monitor
A keyboard sitting on a table with a computer mouse.
All four of those pictures contains a keyboard.
A computer keyboard and mug of tea on a desk
A pair of people with laptops sit at a table.
A couple of students sitting at a table finishing there lunches.
Several electronic gadgets lay on a wooden surface.
A woman sitting at a computer desk in front of a computer.
Computer desk with a lamp light and lava lamp.
A cat that is laying upside down on a keyboard.
An out of focus picture of a computer keyboard.
A man sits at a desk doing work on a computer. 
a group of people staring a camera while one eats some food 
A computer desk with notepad, black keyboard and various papers.
The baby is sitting at his mother/father's desk touching some of the technological equipment.
One man kneeling to pray while another sits at a desk and study.
Many bananas in front of a laptop. 
a desk with a laptop and two monitors
The phones and other electronic devices beneath table with keyboard and mouse.
Person with white hair working on laptop in the kitchen.
A cat laying on a desk with its heat resting on a keyboard.
There are doctors performing an operation with instruments
Cat sleeping in a box on a desk top.
Many packages of bread have been placed on the small kitchen counter.
A keyboard rest in front of a mac.
The computer is being taken apart on a desk.
A pile of papers clips sitting on top of a desk.
An iPhone is placed on a lap with other small books and a cluttered desk. 
Laptop and monitor displayed on white desk in small area.
A desk holding a computer, keyboard, scanner and printer.
A close up of the edge of a table looking at a keyboard and a mouse.
The remainders of a cut cake sits on a table.
A computer monitor sitting on top of a wooden desk.
An office shows a desk with opened drawers and a lit computer screen.
A desk with a chair, monitors and a keyboard.
A man sitting at a desk with a notebook in his hands.
A smiling man seated at a bar working on his laptop.
A desk with a laptop computer on a docking station.
A person holding a hamburger with a bite missing next to a laptop computer.
A messy bedroom with the bed on the lfoor
A woman on a couch with a baby playing Wii
A banana and several office supplies are strewn about
a computer with a big monitor next to a laptop 
A row of computers sit on top of the desks.
A computer desk sits in the corner next to a dresser.
A desk lamp shines brightly on a computer, mouse and keyboard.
A desk with a desktop computer with two keyboards and two mouses.
A long work table being used by two business people
A bottle and a computer keyboard on a desk.
Three computers sit next to each other on a table. 
Two young children are sitting infront of a computer
Cat lying next to keyboard and computer mouse on desk.
a desk with a monitor and books on it
The living room of an apartment with a tile floor
A keyboard and a bunch of United States currency.
A desk with two monitors, a keyboard, a mouse, and a binder. 
An office work station with a window view.
A person is sitting on a coach looking up as they pull their laptop closer to them.
A room with a TV and stuffed animals as well as a couch and a red door.
The small room has a desk along one wall
A computer mouse is placed next to a computer keyboard. 
A keyboard sits in the foreground and a television in the background. 
A desk with a computer monitor and keyboard, and set of audio speakers behind the monitor.
A tall glass of tea and a snack of a carrot and sliced red bell pepper.
A man watching a show on the television.
A row of tables with various laptops and people in the background.
A mac laptop with a number of various stickers on top.
A cat that is laying near a computer.
A desk with two monitors, a keyboard and keys on it.
A teddy bear is looking at fishes on the computer monitor
A man using his computers with onlookers watching.
A dog is looking at the camera while holding his head in the lap
A essy computer room with a fish picture.
There are a few computers left on, on the desk.
A man holding tie devices in his hands while he looks at his laptop.
A laptop open with a picture and a tv that's on.
The interior of a hotel room with a laptop on a countertop. 
A man in blue shirt standing by a computer with a monitor on wall.
Car basking in sun sitting in front of a stack of books.
Two computers that were left running sitting on a big table.
The cat is sitting on top of the keyboard. 
It's a Nintendo Wii break in this office on most workdays.
there is a desk with a computer on it
A computer keyboard sitting next to a computer mouse.
A can of soda sitting on a desk next to a keyboard and a mouse.
A computer desk topped with a computer and a keyboard.
a toy set of a bear sitting at a desk
A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A desk with a Mac computer, a lamp, and other things on it.
Close up shot of a cat in front of a computer monitor
A par of sunglasses on top of a laptop keyboard.
Some kind of control room with a bunch of monitors.
Group of people standing inside a beauty salon together. 
A white mouse sits next to a white keyboard.
A home studio is set up for music, video and web usage.
A desk with three lap top computers on top.
A large flat screen TV sitting in a room next to a desk.
Two laptops sit on top of a computer desk.
A cat is standing on the laptop with wallpaper of a black dog. 
A pizza box is opened to show a pizza topped with pepperoni.
A cat sitting on a desk between the keyboard and monitor of a computer.
An open umbrella attached to a desk indoors. 
A small bedroom with a twin bed and a computer desk.
Sleepy calico cat lays down on a black keyboard.
Interior view of control room for television with numerous devices and controls
Close up of a cat giving a glance up from the computer.
A person using a mouse while sitting in front of a computer.
a dog wearing a shirt while playing with a laptop 
A woman wearing a blue curly wig talking on a phone.
Some food and beer are on a table next to a laptop
There is a flat screen tv and a wii consume under neath jt
A computer keyboard focused on the tab and Q keys.
A piece of white cake with a topping sits on a white plate on a table.
A small desk has a computer monitor and other electronics.
A book with a picture of a map on it.
Person sitting down in front of a white computer looking at the screen. 
Two monitors and two keyboards sitting on a table.
a little yellow toy next to a mouse and screen
A desk with computers and other  miscellaneous objects.
A girl is drinking coffee while typing on a keyboard.
The desk has a laptop and monitor screen with a keyboard.
Three people that are looking at a monitor on the left side of the photo. 
a cat stiing by a desk with a paw on a keyboard 
There is the job dude of a office with desk
A desk contianing a computer monitor, telephone, modem, CD drive, and a cat above a keyboard drawer containing a keyboard and a mouse which is above a tangle of wires and next to a bed.
There is a monitor, keyboard, mouse and laptop on the desk. 
A desktop computer, extra monitor, television, and laptop are arranged in a workstation.
A wireless keyboard and wireless mouse with a driver disk.
Desktop and laptop computers on tables in a room.
this is a black cat next to a screen
A book that is on a desk next to a computer. 
A laptop comuter with a pencil and paper in front of it and an amazon mouse.
A computer with several monitors is seen on this desk.
Three computer screens that are on a desk.
A black computer monitor on a wooden table.
Small office workspace with multiple computer monitors and office equipment. 
A small laptop sits on top of the modem.
Two pieces of luggage are sitting on a ramp.
A laptop with a debate between two team split on the screen.
An office space with multiple computers ready to use. 
a desk with a keyboard and a mouse 
An ergonomic computer keyboard sits on the edge of the desk
A cat is asleep on the laptop of his owner.
A cat sitting on top of a desk and on a computer. 
a close up of a man with a mustache smiling 
The computer desk with two keyboards has many electronics underneath it.
a table is littered with office matieras ike a lap top
A cat is walking on a desk with a computer monitor on it.
A desktop computer and a laptop on a desk.
A messy computer desk with a pull out shelf for mouse and keyboard
A desk with a computer and a laptop on it.
A man eats a doughnut next to his keyboard. 
A wooden keyboard and mouse against a white backdrop.
a car sitting on a desk next to a computer.
The keyboard has many stains on it's side.
Dimly lit room with desks and computer equipment.
Someone is holding onto the corner of a catalog.
two monitors on a wooden table already on use
A woman sitting in front of a laptop computer.
Two computer monitors with one key board and mouse.
A couple of people sitting down on their computers.
Electronic computer equipment displayed on small wooden surface.
A computer processor, monitor, keyboard and mouse on a table.
a desk with a laptop and a keyboard and a mouse
A person is typing on a laptop computer.
one lady is on the computer one is digging through a backpack there's a  man on the phone and another man on a computer 
Workspace with a computer, office phone, books and files.
a dual screen computer on a desk in a room
An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk with a mouse.
a desk with a desktop computer and a laptop computer
A birthday cake with a Thomas the train topping 
A computer desk with a dvd shelf next to it.
A man smiles while standing next to a very large pizza.
Cluttered home work space with many electronics splayed.
a computer mouse next to a computer keyboard on a wooden table.
There are some computers set up on a bare wooden desk
Woman in red shirt working on a laptop and on her cellphone. 
a brown table with a laptop a drink and a muffin
Black and white cats lying on desk with keyboard.
A computer sits on a card table, outside near a lawn.
A new white keyboard and a mouse still in the box.
A large room features a bed with a red cover, a television set, a black table and a white kitchen area.
A display of an older computer in a metal glass case possibly at a museum.
two men playing video games in the kitchen
The boy gives a "thumbs up" in front of the computer screen.
A tiny college dorm room with a single bed, computer desk, bookshelves, a microwave, and Japanese artwork.
A magazine is lying on a cluttered desk.
A computer at a work-desk covered in paper.
A computer lays on top of a dimly lit desk. 
A desk with a computer, scanner and a printer.
A tablet with a keyboard attached sits on the table.
Person putting their feet in between a phone any computer on desk. 
A table consisting of a keyboard, remotes, ipod, and cell phones all laying next to each other.
A personalized work space with a computer and bulletin board in a office. 
The computer on the desk was left on. 
A work station is set up with dual monitors and other electronics.
A laptop computer has a text book on it.
Full coffee cup sitting next to a computer keyboard and mouse. 
An office cubicle with a bunch of blue landscape photos
A couple of computer monitors in work space.
Two desktop computer monitors on top of a wooden desk.
A room containing a computer, lamps, chair, books, and a desk.
A room is lit from three bright monitors on a desk.
A black and white cat lying on a computer keyboard.
A man looks at the screen on his laptop computer that is connected to a musical keyboard.
Several laptops and computers on the floor of a dark room
A laptop computer sits on a table covered with little railroad tracks.
A desktop computer has two keyboards and two mice.
A view of a couple of laptops and a desktop sitting on a table.
A plate that has a small piece of food with a bite taken out of it, next to a laptop computer.
the computer is on a wooden computer desk.
A marker that is sitting in front of a keyboard.
The back of a television that is sitting next to a desk and by a window.
Woman laying on her bed while using a lap top.
a cat sitting by a person using a laptop.
A plate of food consisting of pasta and bread.
A laptop sitting on a picnic table with a glass of beer.
A laptop computer is sitting on top of a book.
A mouse and other office objects are on the desk.
there is a not book and a desk top on this table
A bunch of electronics and writing utensils displayed on a bedroom floor. 
a laptop sitting on a special rack on top of a desk
A small yellow office with a tiny computer.
A desktop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A small living room and office area with 3 couches.
Two computer screens are glowing in a dim room.
A dog sitting in a couch with his owner hand on him
Person with feet propped up on desk and a slice of pizza in a plate.
The office space is clean and ready for the workers use
a desk with a keyboard a mouse and monitors
A man is sitting in front of two upside down signs.
A cat is resting on a desk next to a computer
A keyboard, iPads and recording equipment on a desk.
A close up view of a sleek computer keyboard on a desk.
Notebooks and various other personal items sitting on a desk next to a computer.
A pile of black computer keyboards and mouse's.
A cluttered desk with a computer monitor and phone.
an image of a man eating salad near his keyboard
Three computer keyboards and two computer mice stacked.
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
A black cat setting on a computer desk.

We are looking past a speaker at a monitor.
this is a desk with a few monitors on it
A  man holding two trays of food to eat
a person holds on to a cell phone 
Black and white photograph of a cup of coffee and a  keyboard.
a black chair a white desk two monitors and a computer
There is a projection screen set up in the living room.
Two children using laptops on a coffee table
A cat laying near a computer on a cluttered desk.
a wooden desk with a computer keyboard on it 
a table with a keyboard a wallet and a few other items
a laptop sitting open on a desk in front of other stuff
A desk with a torn chair, keyboard, monitor and mouse.
This is a room that would work as a home office.
 Desk with three computer screens and some iPads on it
A collection of furniture in a living room.
A man sitting at his desk with a hat on and a sticker on his shirt that says dork 
A large red ball sitting under a computer desk.
a little recorder sitting on top of a microphone 
Cat is sitting on a desk in the middle of quite a few random items.
A desk top computer next to a keyboard and a guitar in a room.
A laptop is on a desk hooked up to a keyboard and monitor.
a man is on his computer while working
A man is smiling in front of his desk with multiple computers.
A laptop sits on a desk along with 2 monitors.
A cat is sitting on a laptop computer.
A close-up in a model jet fighter plane on a workbench.
A boy holding a controller playing a video game.
A keyboard and a guitar are near a computer.
Two microwaves and a toaster on the table close to the wall
There is a laptop and a computer on the desk.
A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
a cat is sitting on a white keyboard
a male in a green shirt and two cats are laying on a bed
A brown dog sitting in front of a computer desk.
a young man pointing towards his turned on laptop
Two people eating icecream out of a box while using their laptop computers.
A siamese cat lays on a wooden desk
A cat sleeping behind a key board on top of some cloth.
A small kitten is standing on books and binders.
A chicken nugget and fries microwave meal on a work desk.
A woman is sitting and smiling at the camera.
a room with a desk and a cat in a chair 
A plate filled with meat and vegetables on a table.
A small child in pajamas playing with a laptop
Two cats sleeping on desktop next to keyboard
A pizza with a slice missing next to a cup and a keyboard.
A close up image of a computer keyboard
A woman sitting at a desk in a room.
a monitor that is on a big white counter
A small figurine is sitting on the table next to a keyboard.
A desk has a black chair near it and a monitor and laptop on it.
A desktop with a number of things to eat and a computer.
A computer set up with two monitors and ipods
A cat sitting on a desk between a keyboard and computer monitor.
A man sitting at a desk working on one laptop,while surrounded by other laptops and one full sized monitor.
A black cat lying down next to a keyboard.
Two guys sitting next to an old computer screen.
Two men are wearing headphones and playing a computer game.
A glass desk with a large computer monitor.
Three computer screens shine from the top of a desk.
A mouse and keyboard sitting on a desk
A home office area with many pictures on the wall
A book is open in front of a keyboard. 
a table that has a large computer on top of it
A small room decorated as a office with desk, chair and computer and windows for natural light.
A piece of paper sticking out of a keyboard.
A computer desk has papers and a computer on it
Buttons from a keyboard all arranged together on a desk.
This desk has a one computer and two laptops on it.
A desk in a cubicle with office supplies on it.
A man sitting in front of a small flat screen tv.
A computer keyboard and a mouse sitting on a table
Numerous electronic items from different eras on a table. 
A plastic doll sitting on a desk next to an open lap top and a pair of scissors.
An cluttered office desk with computers and electronics.
A group of people sitting at desk using computers.
A woman standing on a skateboard inside an office.
A wooden desk that has a Apple desktop computer on it and a cellular phone on a mouse pad.
a sideways image of two men and a child lounging in a living room
The keyboard and mouse are viewed from above, and a disc is sticking half way out of the disc drive, while another disc, in its sleeve, sits on the stand next to the mouse.
A keyboard is on a dirty looking table.
A coffee cup that is sitting on a table with a spoon in it.
An empty cup of coffee with a saucer and spoon.
the desk is shaped to fit in a corner
A large group of kids sitting at one table waiting for food.
Various snack foods sit in plastic boxes in front of a keyboard.
desk with two desktop and two laptop computers.
A vase of roses next to a white laptop.
A close-up of a USB powered cup warmer next to a mouse.
There is a mug with drink left by the keyboard. 
two children playing wii on living room television
A computer on a neat desk with peripherals and an air can.
The cat has it's paw laying on top of the keyboard.
A wicker chair and table with a laptop
Why would someone have a lap top sitting on a larger lap top?
a dining table with two open laptops sitting on top of it.
fish eye lens photograph of a man in his office
A man standing at a counter next to other people.
A desk contains a computer monitor, keyboard and mouse.
A black and white photo of a cat on a mans lap. 
Three computers and a telephone on a desk.
A desktop computer is next to a monitor with the same image on both. 
A person with a cat on their lap using a computer.
People talking on the phone at two different locations. 
A group eating dinner and talking in a home.
A man lounges his feet on top of a cluttered desk.
A cat laying in front of a computer on a desk.
A woman laying in a bed with a laptop computer open and on her lap area.
A view of a man's hand on a keyboard and a cat asleep behind the keyboard. 
An office filled with multiple computers and a laptop.
A man standing in a wine cellar with a glass of red wine in his hand
Desktop with various action figures and a computer monitor.
An orange cat sitting on a lap of a man.
The keyboard has symbols and two languages on it.
An office space with cubicle dividers and a red wall.
A computer desk illumined by a lamp at night.
A coffe table with a remote and a TV that is on.
A HP stand setup, with two people at it.
A laptop computer on top of a desk next to a bowl with cereals and a cellphone.
Book lying open on desk with keyboard and mouse
A photo of an office filled with sticky notes.
Two desktops that are sitting on a desk.
An old keyboard with a mouse and a pair of headphones sitting on a desk. 
A cat sits on a person's lap in front of a messy desk.
A living room in a well decorated house.
An open-concept office with laptops and console games arranged around a television and workers at desks.
A teen wearing a black jacket with fur holding a silver laptop.
A cat sitting in front of two computer screens.
White computer mouse near a keyboard in the dark.
A cat on a desk next to a laptop computer
A laptop with a decal sticker on the lid.
A man is typing on the laptop on the counter.
A recording studio with a keyboard, mixer, recorder and keyboard.
A kitchen countertop with a sliced lemon and a laptop.
Two girls stand in a living room playing a video game.
A coffee mug featuring 2 pink flamingos 
A flat screen TV sitting on top of a wooden counter.
A young man taking notes while looking at a computer screen.
A desk with laptop, mug, paper and a monitor.
The laptop is connected to a full size keyboard to make an effective work station.
A laptop and a computer keyboard on a wooden desk.
a desk with a bag and a bunch of other things sitting on the floor 
A piece of carrot cake and cup of coffee are by a keyboard.
a laptop sits in front of some colored flowers 
A large living room with several items in it.
A cup of milk next to a computer keyboard.
An old Apple computer with keyboard and a mouse.
A computer and other items are sitting on top of a desk.
The sign says London in front of the keyboard
A couple of monitors, keyboard and stationary items.
A mixture of computer monitors, keyboards, motems, and remotes.
A desk with computers, monitors, keyboards and computer mice.
a black and white cat is sitting between a keyboard and a monitor
Cat laying on a keyboard looking over a scanner on a desk.
A desk contains a computer and many other things.
A coffee table has a laptop, mp3 player, books, stapler and paper lying on it.
THERE IS A WOMAN SITTIGN AT THE TABLE WITH HER LAP TOP 
A table with a laptop, monitor, a mouse and figurines on it. 
Someone typing on a pink laptop computer or turning it on .
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sit on a wooden desk. 
a model airplae sitting next to a computer monitor 
A woman is holding a laptop with the keyboard and monitor detached.
A stuffed penguin sits on an office desk beside a computer monitor.
An L-shaped desk covered in various computers and accessories. 
A bunch of doughnuts that are sitting in a box on a table.
A mouse is pictured next to a computer keyboard.
A desk with laptops, a keyboard, a light and a monitor.
a collage of a woman with a computer keyboard
a brown desk phone light keyboard and monitor
a woman placing post it notes on her wall
a woman using a pair of scissors on a wooden table
a black white and gray dog a monitor and a laptop and keyboard
A computer keyboard, mouse, and headset on a table.
A room with lamp, desk, and computer in it.
A can of soda on a desk near a computer
A computer work station including desk, keyboard, and monitor
three computer on a desk with a mouse and keyboard
two chairs with a keyboard on one of them on a city side walk
A computer desk has the objects on it labelled with text.
A man laying in a bed with his laptop.
a man sits in front of a keyboard and monitor
A bedroom with green curtains and small tv
Two lap top and a computer monitor and keyboard and mouse is on top of a table.
Several stuffed animals are next to computer monitors.
A home office with computer turned on and printer
A small white computer and keyboard on a desk.
A black cat laying down on a chair next to a computer.
A shot of an Apple machine placed on oak ground. 
A messy computer desk with lots of DVD's.
A living room filled with furniture and other accessories. 
A man eating a piece of pizza while working on his computer.
 
Black laptop sitting next to a black keyboard on a desk. 
White fluffy dog sitting in computer chair in front of computer
a man in a hotel with a hotdog and a laptop
Fisheye lens photograph of a living and study area 
Men smiling and playing a video game with others watch.
A cat sitting above a computer keyboard. 
Four men of Middle Eastern descent are sitting in a computer lab and all are on a computer.
A black bear sleeping on top of a computer keyboard surrounded with checks.
A group of men playing instrument next to a wooden wall.
A hutch type desk has a computer on it.
A long table hosts a computer and other electronic devices.
Wireless keyboard sitting on a table next to other technology pieces. 
Cat standing on a dest with a keyboard, mouse and various books.
A keyboard, some cables and an mini iPod
A closeup of a keyboard and a mouse.
Two men at a desk, one packing bag, one sleeping.
A living room with a couch and coffee table.
This is a picture of a desk top with two computers on top of it
An office with a nice view and containing a desk with three computers.
A kitty playing with the keyboard on a laptop
Looking through the window of showroom at car dealership.
this office has a couch and also has glass doors
there is a dell computer that is on top of a desk
A desk with two computers and mice sitting on top.
A DESK WITH A DESK TOP COMPUTER AND MOUSE WITH A CUP 
A dog stands up with his paws on a desk while a man sitting at the desk watches
A very pretty living room with a computer.
A bowl of meat next to a plate of mushroom, carrots, and celery.
A close up of sun speckle pattern on a plain wooden surface
An empty computer chair with a computer on the desk. 
A desk with a computer, a laptop, headphones and a telephone
The two clocks are beneath two monitors and in front of a keyboard. 
A cat lying on a desk with computers 
A desk with a laptop and two monitors.
An office with shelves, a chair and a desk.
A computer desk is covered with a binder, sunglasses, and other equipment.
A desktop computer with printer, tower, keyboard, speakers and mouse set up on a desk.
Two young ladies using a computer at a library or lounge.
A photograph of a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse.
Two huge cases sitting on a chair in an office.
An aluminum keyboard with a hand and a mouse in the background.
A computer keyboard under a laptop keyboard in a darkened room
A white desk and chair in home office
A cream colored living room with a cathedral ceiling.
Desk with several computer components including a monitor with data visible on the screen
a dog laying under the desk of a computer on top
A living room is shown with massive book shelves.
A person is holding their phone in front of some computer monitors.
A black cat lying on a pink computer keyboard.
A picture with a keyboard, pen and other things, some shown larger with pictures on the side of the big picture.
A computer modem with a mouse in front of it.
A bunch of electronics are sitting on a table. 
A desk has three computers and lots of computer accessories on it.
Someone's desk has a computer, a keyboard, some pens, a journal, and a cell phone on it.
Two containers with two different salads containing lettuce.
computer desk with various  papers  and a computer
A medium sized dog is sitting next to a table.
A table with a radio, cell phone and laptop on it. 
An office has computers and equipment on each desk.
A table with food, computer screen and lab top and papers on it.
Packed lunch of soup, sandwich, cheese, and olives.
A desk with a computer, office items, and CDs on it.
A computer desk with a keyboard and a monitor.
A computer, tablet and phone sits on a table next to a lamp.
a couple of computers are on a desk
An office setting with desks and computers in a messy area.
A full view of a working desk with computer screens. 
A view of a dual monitor with anime playing in the back.
A woman sitting at a  table with a slice of pizza.
Computer peripherals including a mouse, a keyboard, and game controller.
A small cat is sitting behind the keyboard on the desk.
People are looking at computer and one man has a camera.
A computer desk with a monitor and a laptop.
two cats laying on a desk by a keyboard
a laptop sits on a desk next to some papers 
a computer monitor with a wallpaper of a white flower 
A desk with a laptop and desktop computer.
a living room with two laptops and a tv
A cat sitting on top of a note pad on a table.
A plate by a keyboard holds toast and an avocado slice.
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.
a close up of a keyboard a mouse and monitor
a bunch of people watching as two people play video games 
A jacket on a chair by some laptops.
A DESK TOP TABLE WITH TWO DIFFERENT LAPTOPS 
Cellular phone on wooden table next to keyboard.
A computer desk with mugs, a desktop monitor and cards.
a container of something that resembles grass on a wood table by a keyboard
A laptop and a set of speakers stands on a table.
a desk with a keyboard next to a laptop 
Two small kids are laying in bed with laptops open. 
a big clock that is on top of something
The light makes a keyboard seem to be orange.
A close up view of an electrical device
A computer screen is turned on at a desk.
A picture of a full size motorcycle in an office. 
A man using the toilet while on the computer
Multiple computers and electronics on a wooden desk.
A man kneeling down next to another man in front of a laptop.
Vase of roses and other flowers on a desk.
A computer and accessories are sitting on the ground
An umbrella sitting on a desk.with a computer.
five monitors a keyboard mouse and a laptop
A child is on a black and red keyboard.
A computer desk with a desktop set up on it.
There is a display of three different computers together.
The meeting of the minds brings together the best men and women and their technological skills.
THERE IS A LAPT OP AND A DESK AND A CHAIR
Fuzzy picture of a cat with its head on a keyboard.
a living room with a bunch of furniture in it
Two young men sitting down at a table with laptops.
A man in his living room takes a picture of himself.

A desktop computer sits upon a cluttered desk
This is a living room that has laptops and other electronic equipment in it.
a bedroom wiith a cluttered desk and a chair by the window 
Entertainment center made of wood with large television on it. 
A group of different colored game dice next to a black keyboard. 
A picture of someone's office desk and computer.
A woman holds up a tablet next to another tablet with keyboard. 
Fingers can be seen touching the keys on a keyboard.
A laptop on a bed with images printed from the internet on it. 
Several cats fast asleep on a desk in front of computer monitors.

View of a home, living room, and dining room with cabinets, books, and assorted furniture.
A desk with a laptop and a keyboard and mouse.
A slightly organized desk with a computer sits in a corner.
A white computer mouse sitting next to a keyboard.
A desktop computer monitor with the Windows XP logo on it.
a monitor a keyboard and a mouse with fire damage
A desk with a laptop, monitor, keyboard and mouse.
A home office area with several computers and a printer.
a desk with lots of stuff on it including a monitor 
A white corner desk is shown in front of the blinds.
View of a smartphone sitting on a computer keyboard.
Person's hand spooning from a big bowl of ice cream on desk with computer.
A glow in the dark computer keyboard and mouse pad.
A woman sitting at a table with a dog and a laptop.
A computer monitor and other computer accessories are nicely organized on a desk.
Computer keyboard, a glass of water and a pack of cigarettes. 
Two computer monitors are set up on a desk.
Two laptops are sitting on a coffee table in front of a desktop which sits on an entertainment center.
a young girl sitting at a table using a small laptop
A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.
The computer desk has dual monitors on it.
a lounge chair in front of a television set
a beaded necklace is laying on a laptop
A desk has two computers on it and a calculator.
A laptop sitting on a table in a black and white photo.
A MAN IS EATING PIZZA AT THE DESK NOW
Closeup of a keyboard, mouse, USB device and a coffe mug.
A living room over head view of a living room with lots of furniture.
A black and white cat sits on a man's lap.
A computer desk with three separate monitors on it.
An untidy room is turned into a tidy room with a dog laying amidst the progress.
a desk with a lot of paperwork and some computers and laptops on it
A young man using a laptop in front of a desk with a desk computer.
A book about computers sits on a key board
A laptop computer sits open near a computer keyboard and a computer monitor on a desk.
Two black chairs in a living room with a bright red wall.
A modern desk has Apple products and a lamp.
A cluttered desk with two computers and stacked books.
a glass table with computers and a laptop in use
The mouse is sitting next to the keyboard on the desk.
A table with a keyboard a mouse and other items.
A computer desk that has a monitor and a laptop on it.
A work cubicle is filled with two computers and other computer accessories.
A room full of sailors cut into a cake with a sword.
A laptop computer in a dark room being lit up from behind.
There are two cats sitting on a desk just above the keyboard.
A home computer and a laptop on a desk.
An inflatable penguin feels liking having an adult beverage.
A brown tabby with a blue collar sleeping against a computer keyboard.
A woman sitting in a chair holding up a mouse.
There are two computers sitting on the desk.
Laptop computer monitor with lots of clutter on the surrounding desk
A large white bowl filled with ice cream is sitting by a laptop. 
A room with a window, chairs and desk. 
A person sits in front of a desk with a keyboard tray and mouse.
A at sitting by a desk next to a laptop computer.
A group of people are in a large room filled with computers.
An animal's paw is on the keyboard of the computer.
a computer that has a keyboard and a mouse
Toys are arranged on the desk in an office.
A computer mouse sits on top of the instruction manual.
A woman is making herself comfortable in an arm chair with her laptop computer. 
Computer monitor of old generation from the brand Apple
a black cat sleeping on a laptop by a window
There is toaster oven, cell phone, laptop, lamp, and various small items on this desk. 
A metal and glass computer desk by a window.
The computer desk also has two cell phones on it.
A multicolored rubber ducky in front of an Apple computer
A row of computers and keyboards on a table.
A Starbucks cup of coffee and a lap top share time together.
A bunch of kids in a class room with laptops.
a desk that has a lot of mess on it
Computer monitor and front of a keyboard and a small mouse. 
A picture of a cat on a keyboard.
The man is enjoying reading in the library.
The cat is walking on the desk in front of the computer.
A desktop computer in front of a chair with a leopard blanket.
a close up of an open computer next to a keyboard
A computer monitor sitting on top of a desk next to sound equipment.
A laptop computer is seen sitting next to a television.
A shelf holding a laptop and speakers. 
A desk with a keyboard, mouse, coffee cup and speaker. 
A man with blonde hair in front of his computer.
a room with a laptop and a computer monitor with the laptop attached to strings
A laptop computer with many cute personalized accessories. 
a computer and other things on a wood desk
Two computers, a phone, books, and paper on an office desk.
A cozy den is home to a computer work space and small bookshelf.
A black and white kitten is asleep on a keyboard laptop.
A person looks at a laptop while on an airplane
Two computer monitors are the centerpiece of a cluttered office space.
A Mac keyboard on a bare wooden surface.
Two laptop computer screens on a desk next to each other.
A persons hand sitting on top of a laptop computer.
Business notepads and paperwork next to a keyboard on a desk.
He is listening intently to the computer at school.
a desk with a laptop and cell phone 
There is a man standing at a smart board giving a presentation
A closeup view of a mouse and keyboard connected to a desktop computer.
A computer, keyboard, and mouse sitting on a desk.
A very neat and orderly lookind one room studio apartment..
a laptop computer powered on and sittng on a desk 
A man smiles while working at his computer.
A computer sits on a computer desk with a poster above it.
an image of kitchen setting with island design
Computers and other electronics on top of a table.
A computer monitor features an aquarium background, and the CPU has a stuffed monkey on top of it.
A laptop taken apart and sitting on a desk next to some tools and a mouse.
there are two people on lap tops and a dog sitting between them
A desk that has many computers sitting on top of it.
A desk with a microphone laptop and keyboard.
a stuffed frog sitting on a keyboard holding a mouse
There are four laptops open on the desk. 
An computer and monitor placed on desk next to a book shelf
A man is sitting at his computer with a parrot on his shoulder, and petting his cat.
A pizza sitting in a box underneath a TV showing family guy.
a wooden desk with a keyboard a laptop and a monitor
there are many computer monitors and things on this desk
There is a cat sitting on the desk next to the computer.
Man and woman in a bedroom holding up Wii controllers. 
the tiny computer speakers are a technological advancement
A computer and an electronic tablet sitting on a desk.
Several computers turned on on an office desk.
A hand on top of a metal cup with a computer in the background. 
A desk contains a laptop, a keyboard, a phone, a picture of a baby, and various other office clutters.
A computer monitor sitting next to a book shelf.
A messy room with computer equipment inside of it. 
The Christmas tree lights up the living room. 
Small yellow cat sitting in front of a keyboard. 
A red apple atop a Macbook Pro laptop computer
Kitchen area with appliances and cabinets with missing doors.
There are two laptops on a laptop one is smaller than the other.
a wood table with four computers and pen and paper
A table with keyboards, batteries, cords, glue sticks and clocks on it. 
Laptop on a desk with windows overlooking buildings. 
a man that is sitting at a small laptop
Table with chairs and computer monitor with door open
A tired cat with it's head resting on a keyboard.
A man is working on a laptop next to other computers.
A desktop computer with a note attached to the screen.
a laptop computer is turned on by a stove
A small child is chewing on  a computer wire
A man sitting on a chair with a dog in his lap.
a desk with a computer and a tv inside of a room
a desk with chair and a cabinet and lamp resting on a hard wood floor
a room full of laptops on the tables while on
A desktop computer and a laptop computer are sitting on a desk.
An office work space with two computers, and one keyboard.
a couple of computers are sitting on a desk
A desktop that has only a computer and keyboard on it.
Two people are playing video games in a room.
The view of a cats tail laying on a computer keyboard.
an office work space with keyboard, mouse and 2 monitors
An Apple computer keyboard with a mouse next to it.
Man with a sweater blouse playing the wii on a small television.
An open laptop computer on a table displaying the keyboard.
A long haired cat lies on top of an open laptop and keyboard.
a desk with a laptop and an extra keyboard 
A laptop sitting on a desk near a lamp and plant.
A smiling wooden witch toy in front of a computer.
A desk covered in both desktop computers and a laptop.
A cluttered computer desk with camera, book, headphones and other objects.
Two monitors that are on, on a desk in the dark 
A cubicle has a desktop computer and a variety of decorations. 
Monitor and computer sitting on a computer desk.
A room with a bed, some curtains, a shelf and a television.
A small bedroom with a bed, computer desk, chair and storage box.
There is a laptop computer next to a desktop computer.
A very big nice looking room with a nice TV.
A knife, dental floss, a mini remote controller, and some thread.
a desk with two monitors a keyboard and a mouse
A laptop on a stand next to a keyboard, mouse and headphones.
A black and white cat laying on a table.
Can of soft drink next to a computer keyboard and monitor
The home office includes a desktop computer.and a lamp.
A desk with a lap top and a computer and keyboard on top of it.
Three cats lazing on a daybed in front of a laptop computer
A black and white cat laying next to a computer keyboard.
A wooden desk features a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard, and other electronics.
There is a person in the picture alone.


A dog thinks it is his turn to use the computer.
a funny sign resting on a laptop screen 
A person is sitting at a computer using a computer mouse.
Computer desk and twin bed with blue check bed spread in the corner.
A close view of a computer keyboard with a children's book on it is shown.
A guy in a green and yellow jacket eats a sub sandwich.
A room with a couple desks, chairs and computer equipment.
The desk has multiple computers set up. 
A real computer person does not sit at this clean desk.
A laptop on a table in a room.
a computer screen shows a menu with different menu options
A computer desk with a laptop computer on top of it.
This is a tray table with a phone and keyboard on it.
The man sits at a computer desk with a musical keyboard on it.
A desk with three computer monitors side by side.
A person touching a mobile device on a wooden table with phone and keyboard.
a man using a remote control while playing a video game
A phone, computer, and books on a wooden table
Spiral bound manual for a desktop computer keyboard
A laptop computer sitting on top of a bed.
A desk with a telephone, computer, laptop, a cell phone and a bottle on it. 
A empty office room with a large table and chairs and a television
a desk with a laptop and monitors with a keyboard
There is a keyboard on a table with glasses and coffee.
A monitor and a keyboard on a desk.
Two people working on a laptop in a computer lab.
A laptop computer and a mouse getting ready to be cleaned with a cleaning cloth.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a computer desk.
Computer monitors on desk with keyboard and other electronic equipment.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
A collection of different styles of keyboard that is on display. 
There is a small lap top with a key board in front of it
A woman brushes a child's hair while the toddler watches television.
A wooden desk with a computer and a lap top on top of it.
Laptop and two computer screens on a desk overlooking a snowy yard
A computer monitor, mouse, keyboard and control board.
A smart phone connected to a laptop sitting on a table.
someone using a trash can as a seat for a desk 
A cat by a chair and table with a laptop.
a desk with a computer on it sits in front of a chair
Multiple iPods on a desk surrounded by computers. 
A desk that has five computers on it
A messy workspace equipped with two computers and everything else.
a cat laying in a room on some carpet 
A laptop and a keyboard on a desk.
a desk top computer sitting on a computer desk 
A very neat person lives in this room.
A cat playing with purple crock shoes, laying amongst many wires and electric guitars.
A hand over a mouse with various items on a carpet.
A women holding a jar in a room filled with post-in-notes. 
a stuffed teddy bear wearing a tee shirt sitting on a desk
A laptop sitting on an desk surrounded by toys.
A person with his feet on a desk with pizza and a Coke.
A wooden desk with a laptop sitting on it.
A variety of computer equipment on a desk.
A cat is sitting down on a small chair at a computer desk. 
A small hotel room with a TV and a wooden desk.
a turned on  computer sitting on top of a desk
A desktop computer sitting next to a  laptop computer.
A desk with a lap top and a desk top computers.
A man sits at a computer desk in a high building. 
A man playing a guitar and other musical instruments
A black computer on a wooden desk in a room
A computer keyboard lying on top of a laptop computer.
There are several telephones and two lap tops on the desk.
A large beverage is sitting next to an Apple Laptop
A laptop computer sitting on top of a set of three boxes.
A notebook computer is open next to a desktop computer.
a desk with a laptop, extra monitor and keyboard, and a darth vader mask 
A black and brown dog sitting on top of a desk.
A wooden office desk with papers, computer and netbook
A man is leaning back in his chair eating a doughnut.
A man smiling for the camera while typing on a laptop.
A table with two laptops and various cords on it.
A computer desk with a keyboard, laptop and computer monitor.
A cat laying next to a keyboard on a desk.
Monitor, mouse and keyboard sitting on top of computer tower
A desk with a very bright computer screen on it.
a bunch of computers on a desk together. 
A computer desk with contains two computers 
Two turned on computers, sitting on a glass table.
A simple workspace for playing games on a laptop.
Several laptops and monitors on a white table.
This tech wizard leaves all options open, equipping his computer area with both a laptop and desktop machine.
A scratched up Apple mouse on top of a keyboard.
a laptop has a bunch of stickers on it
Happy dog lying under  loaded computer cubical desk.
a man in glasses using a laptop keyboard
A desk that has a computer on it.
Nobody is working in the office right now.
A baby holding a phone over a wooden table.
a computer sits on a desk in front of a keyboard 
a table that has a bunch of books on it
A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.
flickr on the computer monitor on top of the desk.
The conference room has  many tables and chairs with monitors on the wall.
The large black cat is lying in an office chair.
A cluttered office with a lot of electronic equipment.
a man blowing into a little pipe to a ball 
A desk with a computer monitor, laptop and a mouse on it. 
A hospital room, with hospital bed, desk and laptop.
A man wearing a pimp hat is holding a keyboard like a guitar.
This nice alcove allows a computer user to look outdoors.
A man sitting on a couch in front of an open laptop computer.
A computer keyboard sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A person relaxing in the middle of a room full of monitors.
The keyboard is white and is partially shown in the picture.
two black chairs a desk drawers a computer and monitors
A monitor, subwoofer, and lava lamp sit on a desk.
The desk has two laptops, a monitor and keyboard. 
White keyboard and mouse sitting next to a box. 
A desk with several computers sitting on top of it.
A couple of tables with Apple keyboards and mice sitting on them.
A puppy reaching up to put its paws on a desk near a computer keyboard.
a woman eating out of a small bowl next to a computer 
a desk that has all kinds of stuff on it
A black dog with his paw on a laptop computer.
A gold colored fish and lily pad stickers under a laptop keyboard.
A laptop and a personal computer sit upon a table.
a black desktop computer and black speakers 
A computer is set up on a desk with a screen, a keyboard and a mouse.
A buff and white cat on a desk curls up with a computer mouse.
Two laptop computers side by side on a desk.
A fairly neat computer desk with a green office chair.
A computer monitor with a keyboard next to some beer bottles.
A desk with a laptop and various other items on top of it.
Black guitar, amp and foot pedals next to a desk and computer.
A cat laying on a bed with a laptop.
A vacant workspace with a desktop and laptop, and a paper notebook.
a desk with a keyboard mouse and monitor
Two laptop computers are side by side on a desk.
There are three monitors on the desk all of them are turned on. 
Two laptops sitting on a desk in front of a calendar.
A couple of men looking at a laptop computer.
A desk containing a computer monitor and laptop.
A bunch of guys at a very big table with some laptops.
A laptop computer sits on a desk lit by a lamp. 
An apple mouse sitting by a book and keyboard.
A tv stand with a television and a laptop.
A small child is sitting under the computer desk
A woman is shown sitting at a computer desk
A cat is lying on a desk next to a laptop and computer mouse
A computer desk with a laptop computer sitting on top of it.
a laptop that is laying on a bed
Stack of donuts sitting on desk by a computer.
A desk is set up with all sorts of computer equipment.
A lounge chair sits under a tent with a laptop in front of it. 
a cluttered desk area with a monitor and keyboard
Two computers are left on in the dark.
A keyboard and two monitors sitting on a desk in front of a window.
two men standing and pointing devices at a tv set
A man is using a mouseless feature on a laptop.
A desk with a laptop and monitor are powered on as they sit on a desk.
two computer monitors each with a different colored pair of angel wings
THERE IS AHOME OFFICE WITH A CHAIR AND DESK TOP COMPUTER
A white plate with some healthy food on the side. 
She can barely hold the very large teddy bear in her lap.
Black computer keyboard, mouse and batteries on a blanket.
A woman in a kitchen holding a water heater.
A monitor and keyboard, a bottle of soda, cup and telephone handset
A desk with a computer monitor, printer and cd rack.
On this desk a is notebook and pen, a laptop computer, a computer monitor, keyboard, mouse, and an iPhone on a charger. 
A desk that has a desk lamp on and the light casting down on a coffee mug that is next to a desktop computer.
A computer sits atop a computer desk with a coffee cup.
a computer monitor being help up with a piece of wood and a plastic box
there are two lap tops on the table
Two multi coloried cats asleep on a desk.
A bottle of whisky sitting on a computer desk next to a keyboard.
A small modern desk beneath a flat screen tv,
COMPUTER WITH AN EXTRA MONITOR, WITH BRIGHT GREEN SCREENS
A modern, open kitchen with tiled floors, new appliances plenty of windows and clean cabinetry.  
A desk with a keyboard, mouse and computer monitor.
a person that is playing his guitar in a room
a desk with a laptop and a monitor with a keyboard
A computer desk topped with a monitor and a keyboard next to a  mouse.
A person is doing technical with their desktop computer
A computer keyboard has illuminated keys and other features.
there us a very small room that has two lap tops
a desk with several keyboards, two screens and miscellaneous electronics
three open laptops side by side with hands typing on two of them 
four nice ladies gazing at the computers smiling
A cat standing on a table in front of a fireplace.
A laptop with a mouse and a soda
A model of a shark head parked under a computer desk
A cat rests its head on the keyboard of a laptop computer.
two key boards on top of one another 
a table with a keyboard cup and many items and some chairs
A cat beginning to nap in front of a keyboard
A man and a girl are playing a video game and smiling.
small nokia cellphone next to a lighter on a desk
A black, glossy keyboard with an out of focus background.
A computer desk chair sitting in front of a computer.
A laptop connected to a flat screen tv.
A computer desk set at standing height using various office furniture.
A desktop and a laptop on a desk.
A desk with a lamp, remote control, laptop, keyboard, monitor and a mouse on it. 
A man lying down on a cushion and using a laptop.
a desk with two monitors and a keyboard
An active computer monitor that is sitting on a desk.
A cordless mouse placed beside a laptop trackpad.
A white car is shown on a computer monitor.
The woman is sitting at her desk with the computer on. 
A dirty lookin toilet is covered in rime
A man with a laptop in front of a desk with more computers
The computer desk has many CDs on it.
There is a computer monitor with a graphics program open sitting on a wooden desk.
Two young men sitting on a couch playing a video game. 
A person holds two books about the environment.
An image of a black keyboard with 5 color keys and a mouse
A laptop computer sitting in front of a desktop computer.
A woman and two men working on Apple laptops at a meeting.
A computer keyboard next to phone and thermos
A man sits at the desk of an office. 
A computer set up with two monitor screens. 
A guy standing by a birthday cake in an office 
A cat laying on top of a computer desk next to a bunch of dvds.
The man is using his laptop on his desk. 
a man is playing video games on a television 
a big computer screen with a man on it
A table features a computer screen, keyboard, mouse, headphones and a bottle.
A couch and chair are sitting in a room.
A cat laying on a persons lap that's using a keyboard.
an image of a keyboard with a mouse next to it
a cat sitting on the back of a desk while looking out a window 
FOUR CHILDREN LEARNING ON A COMPUTER IN A CLASSROOM
Male hand holding an open flip style mobile phone.
There  is a bedroom with a bed and desk with chair in it.
From this vantage point it is easy to see the wall of windows and the patio outside.
Large cat laying down under two computer monitors.
two women appear to be on computers in a library
A black and white cat laying on top of a computer keyboard.
A bedroom with bicycle, computer desk and checkered bedspread.
A computer keyboard sitting on a table, monitor in the background.
A computer desk top with laptops and a monitor.
A wooden desk with a laptop computer that is on, and next to it is a desktop computer and monitor that is off.
a computer monitor and a keyboard with a mouse
The little computer is set up to type up the notes
A computer desk with a guitar behind it.
A laptop computer sitting on a desk next to a computer monitor.
A mouse sitting by a keyboard on a desktop
A man in an office holding up a large remote control.
Two computers side by side on a desk.
A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.
A desk that has several cups and a computer on it.
a green couch some pictures a table and a pillow
A person types on a laptop computer while sitting at a desk.
A laptop computer set up in front of a desk top computer
A gray and black cat sleeping while laying down. 
There is a cake with many animals on the name Theodore on it. 
A living room with a desk area and parquet floors.
The lady has the donuts for us to eat. 
There is a desktop computer sitting next to a laptop computer.
This is a typical small American cubicle work space.
Small child on chairs in a home office.
An external keyboard sits in front of a laptop computer.
a motorcycle with a bag on the back of it parked in the road 
A living room with a white chair and desk.
A shirtless man laying in bed with a cup of coffee.
A group of people on a subway train looking at their cellphones.
A man wearing a backpack walking by a passenger train.
a man and baby taking a picture of some people behind bars
a close up ofa paerson holding a hell phone 
A boy sitting in his chair with his laptop in his lap. 
One guy and three ladies on their cell phones.
A book sits open on the office desk next to a laptop.
A man in a business suit is walking and talking on his cell phone.
People on a boat crossing a body of water
A woman taking a selfie near a ledge
A man taking a picture of himself in a bathroom. 
An open laptop computer sitting on someones lap.
The man on the sidewalk is sitting next to stuffed animals. 
A group of men standing behind a large flag banner.
a light a television set a desk a mouse and wires
A cell phone sitting on a laptop in front of a TV.
a couple of men are looking at a tie
A large commercial airplane parked on the runway
Several people look on as a man lets a cow through a fence.
Man in hat with woman at lounge table having discussion.
Bar scene with man talking on cell phone and girl drinking from a bottle.
The desk has a glass top on it.
A person sitting in a car holding a cell phone to their ear.
man talking on his cell phone next to a no talking on cell phone sign
Two Asian people inside a train looking at their mobile phones.
An old man wearing a hat white a snake around it and a cellphone clipped to it.
Three of six people standing and sitting at a restaurant table are on cell phones.
A man wears glasses and a hat while he holds a phone to his ear.
Living room with a couch, two chairs, book shelves and a tv
Luggage handlers unloading many suitcases at an airport.
Someone is recording a scene in front of them using a cellphone.
Small computer area with a small wooden desk. 
A man reaching out with a tennis racquet on a court.
A woman feeds an elephant who is swimming in the pool.
Two electronic devices are charging on a tabletop. 
The light shines on a cluttered desk with a laptop on it.
A rider mounted side saddle on a beautiful horse.
A man on his cell phone making faces. 
The contents of a bag organized neatly onto a table. 
A white Macintosh computer monitor and keyboard setup.
THIS IS A BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF A WOMAN SMOKING A CIGARETTE LOOKING AT HER PHONE
Two women smiling together, one holds a stuffed animal the other has a stuffed animal on her shoulder.
A woman pulls a suitcase on wheels on the ground.
a lady in a short dress walking on the street 
The child is waving a small flag as she stands near two women. 
A girl is on her cellphone surrounded by fruit
A man sitting on a boat, talking on his cell phone
Two mugs with tea bags in them near a laptop computer.
The guy with crazy here is taking a picture in the mirror.
A man talking on a cell phone while standing next to his luggage.
a man sitting on a train while looking at his cell phone 
A man giving the peace sign while on a cell phone.
A tennis player in action on the court.
A woman standing in a corner by a curtain taking a cell phone call. 
A man in a white shirt giving a lecture with a picture of cell phones behind him. 
Small child in red overalls holding a phone up to his head. 
two cellphones are next to each other on a rock
A woman prepares to eat a large apple pancake.
A group of four people are standing around talking
Two iPhones with similar icons but different wallpaper
A black and white photograph of people on a bench table.
A large group of people holding their cell phone up in the air.
two people walking near a person using a cell phone 
A man in jacket and tie holding a small cellphone.
A man taking a picture of a scene.
A man sitting on the bench in a baseball dugout. 
two very tall giraffes with people around the fence
A young woman sitting on the grass using a phone
A man in a hooded jacket is lighting a cigarette.
A man shows the screen of his phone to the camera
A number of people standing sitting in various groups on a floor
a girl is sitting in a chair looking at a computer screen
A young girl sits, holding a phone, looking aghast.
A teenager looking at his cellphone stopped on a sidewalk.
Two woman standing next to each other posing for a picture.
Adult couple taking photographs of city from river overpass.
A couple of large elephants walking around a circus.
A large pizza with cheese jalapenos and pepperoni.
An arrangement of items from a woman's purse including wallet, cell phone, MP3 player, gloves, hairbrush, eyeglasses case and day planner
THIS IS A PHOTO OF MOSTLY MEN WEARING MOSTLY RED
A purse on its side with all its assorted contents on the floor in front of it
A man is dressed in civil war uniform and is holding CDs. 
A woman helps another woman use her phone.
a vintage photo of a man in a suit walks down a brick road 
a man lying on a couch with a cat
A woman holding a gold cell phone in her hand.
A desk has two computer monitors, a cell phone, mouse, laptop, and keyboard on it. 
A woman is standing over by the wall
Two open books on a tabletop with fruit and flowers nearby.
A woman sitting down with a cell phone to her ear.
A hand holding a cell phone into the air to record video.
The bagpiper in his outfit is leaning against the windowsill, making a cell phone call
Man in medevil cosplay smoking a cigarette and talking on the phone next to an old man.
The girl in purple is using her phone.   
Mature man using cell phone while seated at indoor area.
A laptop, cake, cell phone and books on the table
The tourist is happily posing with all of his luggage.
A woman taking a picture of another woman holding an Asian umbrella. 
A woman in shorts sitting on a step shading her eyes.
Two skiers enjoying a winter day on the slopes.
A man setting looking at his cell phone in front of many tables and chairs.
The table has weapons and other items that can be used to make a weapon.
a couple of trains are on some tracks
a man in a tan shirt is talking on a cellphone
A person with a punk rock hair do while on a cell phone.
Two woman standing on a court holding tennis rackets.
A man with a large bear wearing a brown hat.
A man using a computer and stroking the cat in his lap
A man that is kneeling down by a broken cell phone.
A man smiling while on his cell phone. 
A pregnant mother with a handbag and cell phone next to a car
Little boy with toothy grin talking on a cell phone
there is a woman sitting down with blood on her face and using a phone
Young man and woman looking at correspondence in a dimly-lit place.
a cellphone plugged to the charger on a nightstand 
A little boy eating a chocolate frosted doughnut with sprinkles on top.
A very clean living room with the TV on.
A man is seen talking on his cell phone outside.
Elderly adults with holiday themed hats near spouting fountain outdoors.
A computer and a bed in a room together.
A young boy smiling at a red stuffed animal
a person sitting with a child wearing a tie
a close up of two people looking at a cell phone
a man on a beach holding his cellphone
A group of friends chatting around a square table with drinks.
Three laptops in a row in the backseat of a car.
Moustached man waiting on a bench by a billboard
people and a street at night lights and signs
 A laptop sitting on a desk with a mouse. 
A couple stands around on their phones as they get something to drink
A young lady on her bike in a position where a man is kissing her knee. 
A person in a white bathroom using a cell phone.
THERE IS A DESK TOP COMPUTER ON THE TABLE 
Someone holding up there cell phone with a persons pic on it .
Man standing outside of business using cell phone.
a man sitting in front of a  some seats with hats on them
A man is blowing out candles which are on a cake.
a laptop sitting on top of a box next to a projector 
A person is standing with an umbrella in front of tbeir face.
A person sitting on some stairs with a cell phone.
a big mirror that has a reflaction of people in it
The desk is full of computers, paperwork, and books.  
A man browsing Facebook while at an ice cream shop.
People are eating hot dogs and drinking drinks with straws.
A woman standing over a bike next to a silver car.
a small container of different colored paints next to a cell phone 
A laptop computer on a desk next to a desktop computer.
A cell phone is sitting on top of a book.
Small cluttered kitchen with stainless steel appliances and hardwood floors. 
man working on al laptop with multiple stickers on the back of it. 
A young teenager is photographing a heard of sheep.
A young lady in dance attire, stands with a cell phone to her ear.
Three people stand on a curved road edged by pine trees and fog.
A white man with Chinese females in some office.
The woman is sitting on the bench and talking on her phone.
A person controlling a mouse at a computer.
The man's cellphone is on the table while he is talking.
Two men are jumping up to hit a beach ball.
A group of people are talking while standing and sitting.
Someone's hand is holding up a Pharos Mobile Phone.
a man standing by the road checking out his cell phone 
A skier near the ski lodge looking at his cell phone
A girl is lying in the grass and talking on her cellphone.
The people are milling around an exhibit of animals. 
A man is sitting on a store ledge talking on the phone
people standing in line at the ice cream truck
A stuffed monkey on a computer desk with two computers.
There are two girls playing in the living room
A red cell phone sitting on a  table next to a menu.
A kitchen with a white table and four chairs.
A man on a phone with a sandwich in his hand
a person talking on a cell phone while plugging their ears to hear
The contents of someone's pockets laid out on a scarf
People standing around a table with several boxes of donuts.
a man is on the phone by a wizard statue
A woman with large eyebrows is talking on her cell phone.
The guests in the party are waiting for her to blow out the candles on her cake. 
a man is sitting in a large truck
A lady with glasses on a cell phone.
Electronic and personal items from a back pack laid out neatly
A man with an instrument holds an elephant's trunk.
A little girl sitting on a bench in front of some ivy with her stuffed animal
Woman talking on cellphone in a dining room.
A computer desk is illuminated with a desk lamp.
A woman and girl looking at a laptop while sitting at a desk.
The white sink is the the left of the window.
Two men using cell phones while in a crowd of people.
Two men sitting on a black couch together.
A bearded man with long hair sitting under metal pipe.
A girl is playing with chalk on the sidewalk.
a woman is standing on a street curb
a man holding on a skate board in a stage
Three young men in decorated uniforms sit on a bench together.
A girl is taking a picture of herself in the rearview mirror of a car.
A computer desk with a monitor, phone, and laptop on top of it.
A computer,key board,cell phones and other electronic gadgets are on the table.
the back of a cell phone with a camerea on it .
A cell phone next to a small, smily face ball.
A man in a hat cutting into a birthday cake.
A man in a blue shirt works on his laptop.
A businessman checking his cell phone on a crowded commuter train.
Many different school belongings from student of middle class
Two people and man and a woman using their cell phones.
A girl holds up a broken cell phone.
A man checks his cell phone for text messages.
A man is taking a selfie of himself at the salon.
A group of people sit on a couch in front of a kitchen.
Two laptops are on the floor near a television.
A man is talking with a wine shop employee.
electrical placed on a wooden table and with wallpaper
A man in wedding party looking at his cellphone.
an asian women standing near her car talking on the phone 
An Asian woman taking a selfie in the mirror
A persons hand holding an HTC phone sideways with the clock showing 2:52 AM.
A man walking on a cell phone while walking her little dog.
Resting on the couch with comforts close to hand.
A pretty young lazy using a smart phone.
a close up of a person looking at a cell phone in the store 
Two old silver cell phones are on display.
Two people sit a a table, a woman checks her phone and the man holds a bottle
A woman in the navy showing number girls pictures on her phone.
group of three people sitting at a table 
A man who is sitting down holding a phone.
The 2013 Innovations International CES is showcasing the latest electronics and appliances.
There are computers and telephones on a desk.
An office workspace with a desk covered with many papers.
You are never to old to play with the Nintendo Wii.
A woman rides a bicycle through a city square.
A jewish man talking on a p hone while wearing scarfs.
A man skateboarding down the road in front of poeple.
A stack containing three laptop computers and a smartphone.
A man and lady are looking at a cell phone.
Three people are sitting in a living room and two of them are on the phone.
A man in a crown wears a red jacket and is on the phone.
A grilled sandwich, coffee, with a phone and newspaper.
A drawer containing many different types of electronics and electronic accessories.
A close-up of a candy bar style cell phone broken in half.
People enjoying and videoing a live music concert
A man reads a book and a woman looks at her phone.
A man looking at something while on his phone.
A group of bikers riding down the middle of a street.
A variety of items are shown on the top of a desk.
A man in uniform is swinging a bat at a baseball
Three shirtless men standing near each other with palm trees in the background.
Two young men walking past a projection screen.
a person holding a cellular phone in front of them with one hand and brushing their teeth with the other hand.
A woman walking in the street with a cup and a cell phone in her hand. 
The man is sitting on a bench with ear buds in his ears.
A man is looking at his side mirror of his car as he holds his cell phone up to take a picture.
An old slider cell phone sits slid open
A hot dog topped with onions, a plate of french fries, a milkshake and chili fries on a table.
there are many items laid out across a bed
a girl leaning against a building holding a cell phone
THERE ARE TWO MEN THAT ARE BARE BAC RIDING BIKE ON THE BEACH
A boy wearing a fake beard cuts into a cake.
A man sits in a building looking out the window, talking on his cell phone.
The friends are standing around a kitchen table.
a woman sits as a table as a person watches her 
A closeup shows the inside of a cell phone.
a close up of a person using a cell phone
a man performs a trick on a skate board as people watch
A chocolate doughnut and a cell phone sit on this table
A group of people in a living room eating food.
A man with a mohawk is checking his cell phone.
The girl is looking down while she attempts to wrap the rectangular package.
A woman sits at a small outdoor table and looks at her phone.
THERE IS AN IMAGE OF A DESK TOP COMPUTER AND A MOUSE ON THE DESK 
A young woman is leaning against the wall and talking on the phone.
A man standing next to a motorcycle on asphalt.
A computer desk that is very cluttered and disorganized.
A person holding a cell phone near a man sitting at a desk working on a computer. 
a woman sits on a bench and talks on her cell phone that is waited down with key rings
a wooden table with a cellphone and two other devices
A man with sun glasses sleeping on public transportation.
A computer setup featuring 3 monitors and a printer.
a man and a woman riding a bus both on their cell phones
A hand is holding a silver cell phone.
A woman standing on a skateboard holding a phone.
Looking out the window past a modern office desk 
Two women are walking with kites at sunset.
a laptop computer, a cell phone and a telephone on a table
A woman sits on a futon, holding a cell phone.
Two men standing in a store looking at a cell phone.
Cell phones of various brands lined up next to each other. 
A messy desk is shown with outdated electronics

A young woman dressed up as a rapper drinking a beer.
A man taking a picture of three children under a blooming tree.
A man is on his cell phone walking with his son.
A boy standing against a wall while on a cell phone.
A WOMAN IS SITTING DOWN TALKING ON THE PHONE 
people sitting, walking around and some are in groups
A man in business attire sitting on a park bench and looking at his phone.
A woman is sitting next to a window that has a wide ledge.
A woman uses a cell phone on the floor near a laptop.
A woman outside holding up her cell phone. 
Several pictures of people using tablets and laptops.
The cell phone user is recording pictures of a colorful light show
A person holding a cell phone out, standing in an elevator.
there is a person holding up a nokia lumia phone
People walk along in the cold, on the rain-soaked city street.
Adult women in a heavy coat waiting at a train station. 
A woman leaning against a counter in a kitchen.
Three people are holding their cell phones near together.
A man in sandals is talking on a cell phone.
a black laop is sitting on a table
close up of a person demonstrating an iphone 
this desk top computer has a yoshi doll on it
A young woman holds a giant slice of pizza.
Three women in purple dresses on their cellphones at the same time. 
A man taking a picture of himself in a mirror.
Group of people sitting in auditorium looking at their cellphones and computers.
a dog in the refrlection of a car mirror 
A young man is sitting with his green skateboard.
Random items are organized on a white surface.
A small robot made out of a cell phone.
A woman waiting for customers to come to her food coach.
An adult looking at a cell phone while holding a child's hand.
Guy with cap on and cup in hand shows another whats on the phone.
A cat sitting on a chair in a restaurant
An array of items are shown displayed on a blanket.
A girl sits in the dark, looking at a laptop with a cellphone in her hand.
A group of people sitting around a TV screen.
A man in a busy restaurant talking on his cell
A person is watching a video on his phone
A couple of pizzas sitting on top of two plates.
A man walking through a parking lot while looking down at his cellphone.
A person sitting on a bus looking at his phone.
A remote and a cell phone laying on a table.
A group of people taking a photo with a cell phone.
a lady that is standing next to a bike
Few people in a hot pool surrounded by mounds of snow. 
a close up of a person talking on a cell phone
A man and a woman eating at a table with a baby in a stroller by their side.
A cell phone and a laptop on a table.
A kitchen is displayed in a house with wooden cabinets.
A woman takes a picture of the newspaper with her phone.
Woman smiling while standing next to man on phone.
There are a lot of electronics left out on the table.
Text message on an old Nokia cell phone.
A flip phones sitting next to a red mitten.
A man listens to music while looking at his cellphone.
A young woman checking her cell phone beside a blonde boy.
A tablet attached to a keyboard sits outside on a wooden table.
There is a man posing with a pizza as if he is going to eat it
A desk holding a laptop with extra keyboard, mouse, speakers, telephone and empty wine glass.
A man in a red shirt is wearing a fake nose and a yellow hat. 
A lady is making a silly face while holding her flip phone. 
a man dressed like a colonial in the middle of the sidewalk
A desk with a computer and laptop and a black chair.
A silver laptop computer on a desk in an office.
Two young students work together on a laptop.
a woman in glasses is holding a cellphone and a sink mirror and light
a lady sitting outside at night looking at her phone.
a cell phone mascot is standing on the street handing out promotional info about a new blackberry phone
An elephant putting a basketball in the basket with his trunk.
a close up of a person holding a cell phone
A large pizza with toppings on it sitting on a pan. 
A woman checks her cell phone as a train arrives behind her.
a man in a blue shirt using his cell phone 
a group of people standing in the kitchen and dining room
Tired commuters wait at a subway station for the arrival of the next train.
A hand is holding a black MP3 player.
Several items from an unboxed cell phone are on a table.
Four people in a room talking with each other with a woman outside the room with her hand up to her mouth.
A woman on a cell phone and packaging food in a booth.
A girl eating in a bedroom while on a phone.
a picture frame a cup with flowers resting on the desk
A woman taking a photograph of a young man wearing a red shirt.
A laptop computer on a wooden floor in an old house
an image of a man throwing his hands and waving out of a car
a black keyboard and a power strip and cords
A guy does a skate board trick while people watch. 
A sandwich that is in paper on a table.
The reflection of a person taking a picture in the bathroom
A PAN OF MEAT AND VEGETABLES ON A TABLE
A bowl of oatmeal on a table and various colors of mugs on a table.
three plates with a different pastry on each one 
Laptop computer next to a radiator on a desk.
Four pictures of two women sitting on a coach by a table.
A young child taking a photo with a mobile phone.
A sovereign tow truck on an empty street
A sign advertising Chinese dim sum style lunch and dinner.
A cat standing on a bed, dipping his hand into a cup.
A persons feet resting on a desk either side of an open laptop with a second screen behind it, two desk lamps and some books
a person with a cell phone leaning on a fire hydrant
A man in white shirt at table with notebook and laptop.
a close up of a person holding a card and a phone
someone propping their feet up on a computer desk.
A man leans in over a large pepperoni pizza.
A woman is taking a picture looking into a mirror while the cat watches.
A person holding up a cell phone taking a picture.
There is a paper with a drawing an a nokia phone on top of it
A bear crossing a road as people take pictures of it.
Two people enjoying a great night at a local pizza shack.
Woman with blue hair taking self photo using cell phone.
Two fancy men check their phones in the middle of a city.
A child appears to be listening on a cell phone.
A baby is handing something to an adult
a man sitting in a chair on a boat dock and listening to his phone
a desk underneath a framed poster with a lamp on top of it.
The people are waiting outside with their bicycles 
A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.
Middle aged man on a cell phone in his car
Curly haired male on his silver cellular phone.
A guy in a brown jacket standing near a sign holding a cellphone to his ear.
a young girl with as green halter top using her cell phone 
A group of people stand around a birthday cake with candles singing happy birthday.
The woman is standing on the sidewalk with her phone. 
A group of women on the subway all using their phones. 
A woman sitting at a table eating a hot dog.
A man in business attire chats on the phone and walks his dog on the sidewalk.
A group of forks going toward a cake on a plate.
Every computer techie deserves a corner of his own.
Two people at a restaurant take pictures of their plates of food.
Man using cell phone in public indoor area.
A calculator on a desk and a laptop computer and desktop. 
A person holding a couple of different cell phones.
An object laying on a table next to a small electronic device.
A girl using a mobile device sits on the lap of a man in a military uniform.
A woman stands talking on the phone and holding her cat.
A person wearing an apron and a hat talking on a cell phone.
A red cell phone is sitting on top of a red laptop beside a computer mouse. 
A woman walks down the sidewalk while on her mobile phone.
A group of women sitting on a wooden bench next to each other.
A woman reads and a dog relaxes after a meal.
A girl standing with a cell phone in her hands.
A man with a ponytail works outside on his laptop and a woman watches him.
A young man sitting at a simple desk with a laptop computer and bed in the background.
A man and woman on a couch using laptops
A lady holding up an umbrella in a dark place.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
A woman standing on a sidewalk near a fence and flowers, looking at her cellular phone.
A woman holding an umbrella near an iron fence.
A teacher teaching a large class showing a TED event
A laptop computer sitting under a window on a desk.
A man sitting down on a bed holding his cellphone. 
a couple of different kinds of computers are next to each other
A dish with blue trim, on a black and red tray with food covered in brown gravy.
Two hands are holding a flip style cellphone. 
A laptop and a cat on a desk.
A man looking standing next to a big clock tower. 
a woman wearing a red dress is talking on a cellphone
The man is holding his cell phone and sitting on the beach.
A child playing while waiting in a waiting room.
A man jumping in the air with his skateboard behind him. 
A kitchen with a small window and wooden cabinets.
a lady that is standing next to a target sign
This room contains a couch, a chair, a glass table with chairs and a flat screen television on top of a entertainment center.
Old and young men sit around a table with laptops.
there are two men sitting on chairs one of them is on the phone
A guy is pulling away a piece of a very large pizza. 
An assortment of personal items atop a wooden table.
Two women looking at their cell phones together.
A man leaning against a barrel on his cell phone.
A desk with a phone and a vase of flowers on it
A woman in a window either taking a picture or video taping something outside.
A person is sitting down looking at a cell phone.
A building with a clock on the side and front of it near a road. 
A table with four computers on top, three of which are laptops
A police officer is standing outside on a cell phone.
two passengers on public transportation, one looking at his phone and the other looking at the cameraman
A computer setup has a desktop, laptop, and smartphone
A man walking down a street next to tall buildings talking on a cell phone.
A woman wearing a badge speaking on her cellphone.
Two plastic baskets filled with food sitting on top of a table.
A smiling driver talks on a cell phone.
A large bike and a man on a street.
The individual holds a cellphone near the hamster. 
The man with glasses is holding an umbrella.
A man is typing near a desk cluttered with electronics.
A man holding a cell phone while walking on a sidewalk.
A woman on a cell phone putting a fork in some cake.
Several students play with their cell phones while sitting at a table. 
A group of people standing around a central square with a security presence.
A man laying in a bed using a cell phone.
A young man is at a workstation with a phone.
Two Asian women sitting at a table with baskets.
A young girl smiles as she holds a cell phone.
A man eating food over a table next to a bottle of water.
A young man wearing glasses stops to look at his electronic device.
A family is eating and drinking wine at the table. 
She is checking her messages before finding a good spot to enjoy the concert.
Several electronics, including a laptop, are placed on the table. 
A man and three women sitting together and two of the women have handbags on their laps.
A wooden table with a cellphone interior on it.
There are several items on the desk with the keyboard.
Person taking a picture of a sandwich with their cellphone.
Three men at a table holding various objects.
a female wearing a brown skirt is talking on her cellphone
A stove with pots on it with thermometers
A woman sitting at a table at a library and working on her computer.
A man sits on a couch in a sitting room with coffee table with an open laptop on it.
a baby laying in a bed with pillows
A woman wearing a yellow shirt holding a cell phone.
A man is sitting next to a large pizza and checking his phone.
A young persons clean and orderly bedroom and desk.
A colorful cupcake sits on a plate in a cafe.
The man holds a cell phone at a striped cross walk.
Mac computer, tablet, and iphone sitting on a computer desk.
A person wearing black slacks and a red top and hat reading a smart phone.
A table with electronics such as a computer, cell phone, laptop and a cordless phone.
A man sits as two dogs interact with him.
two guys looking at their phones and another guy is wearing an  orange hat
there is someone holding a phone up in front of a mans face
a room with very long beds with two bags
The various dishes are available for quick sale.
A young man in a kitchen staring at a bottle of liquid.
an adult male holding a mobile phone with his left hand
A boy sitting alone on a window bench.
The two young women walk with opened umbrellas.
Over the shoulder view of a woman texting on an older cellphone and holding a cigarette. 
A man wearing three pairs of sunglasses holding three cell phones
A city street has a bus and a car.
A bunch of garbage is on a car seat.
A man sitting in a wheel chair holding up a smart phone.
a little girl laying on the floor while holding onto a tablet 
A front room with several pieces of lounge furniture.
An unsmiling woman talks into a cell phone on the street.
A man sitting at a desk typing on a laptop.
Books, cell phones, music players and beauty supplies are set before a travel bag.
A man in traditional Mexican grad stands under a rainbow umbrella
A man putting his glasses on to read his cell phone.
multiple shots of a man talking on a cell phone 
A baby owl sitting on blue carpet next to a phone.
a guy using scissors on his computer  
men in costumes taking part in a parade
a man is standing by the water and talking on the phone
a man and a woman looking at their cell phones
Looking down a cluttered city street with lots of Asian signs.
A person sitting in a chair on a cell phone.
two people sitting on a bench and looking at their phones 
A messy room with a television on in the corner
A woman holding shopping bags and a umbrella walking down the street.
A young man holding up a smart phone in front of a pool.
A man is holding a guitar near a laptop.
Mini calculator sitting on top of a stack of papers.
A male tennis player in action on the court.
A woman standing behind a man sitting while talking on a cellphone.
A woman smiles while looking at her cell phone.
Three people who are talking on their cell phones.
A line of people on their cell phones on a street sidewalk.
A picture of some people on a motorcycle together.
A table with a PDA, cellphone and other devices.
a family sits at the table looking at three laptops 
three pedestrians walking on a sidewalk during winter
a group of people sitting around watching a game being played
A room filled with different types of items all around.

there is a woman sitting at a table eating a cake
The woman is sitting next to the guy but still on her cell phone. 
Many objects are sitting on top of a glass table.
A laptop on a table in a room.
People at a meeting are seated around round tables. 
A glass desk with a variety of electronic equipment on it.
A woman vendor is sitting outside selling food.
People looking at an advertisement depicting a larger cellphone.
An elderly woman on a cell phone in front of stacked chairs.
The woman and two men pose for a picture with the camera phone. 
He is showing everyone his Samsung cell phone.
A man is standing on the street using a cellphone.
A woman sitting on a couch near a dog
A man is holding up a flip phone in the city.
a black table a cellphone and a plastic bag with nuts and chips
A couple of men doing something on a laptop.
Three laptops set up on an ottoman for friends to play together 
A laptop is open and the screen shows Mark Wahlberg. 
This is an image of three children with play phones.
The woman is taking a picture of her reflection in the mirror.
A closeup of a keyboard on a desk 
A man taking a picture of a woman holding a puppy.
Two men give a speech in front of a crowd. 
A group of guys are sitting under a sunshade while enjoying a meal and sodas.
The view shows a stunning skyline at one end, and in the foreground an ugly barricade, behind which stands a man looking up, his arm aloft, as if trying to get a shot of the skyline.  
A man looks at his laptop, as his wife has a cup of coffee.
A man in slippers standing on the side of the street talking on a cell phone.
Someone displaying a silly image on a smartphone
A woman is talking on her cell phone
a man and woman sitting next to one another smiling 
Woman and two teens hanging out at a table using electronics.
A woman with a cellphone and black and white cat on her shoulders.
The woman is using her ipad in the bed.
A musician dressed in medieval clothing talks on a cell phone to the amusement of onlookers.
A banquet room filled with white tables and people sitting around them enjoying a meal.
A couple of large horses standing near some poles.
a lady on a horse and people taking a photo
Someone is on their phone in front of a beer. 
a man soldering a circuit board next to a cellphone
A man holding a remote in front of a garage.
A hand holds a cell phone and photographs a nearby bottle. 
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sitting on a desk.
two laptops sitting on the corner on a table 
A group of surfers are walking on the beach.
A man standing next to two suitcase and holding a cell phone
a vintage photo of a persons sitting on a bench as a train passes by 
A cat plays on a laptop while watching a video.
a man in khakis and a polo shirt using a cell phone
Three plates with sausages, broccoli, sandwiches and cookies 
Three woman sitting on a couch behind a table with food on it.
A cellphone lies next to a paper receipt.
Couple with child sitting at a table in a restaurant.
A man stands on a white bed near a white curtain and wooden dresser.
A man carrying a large bag through a parking lot.
an image of a traveler with luggage and passport
People testing out cell phones in a store.
Several people standing in the snow wearing skis.
A group of people sitting around at a dinner table.
A lot of people in the ocean and a kid standing on a surfboard. 
A group of people standing over some food.
There are three computer screens and three phones in this room.
A man walking down a street while talking on a cell phone.
The woman is sitting down checking her messages on her cell phone. 
A few males with blood on their shirt walking with a group of people.
A woman is playing tetris on a flip phone. 
A young lady with a silly face is on her phone. 
a topless man stands in front of the mirror in the bathroom, taking his picture
A group gathered at a table and chairs under a tent.
People standing near an elephant statue wearing decorations.
An adult man with glasses wearing a black coat is on his cellphone.
A group sitting around a table in a bar.
Two men lounge on a wall in front of a house and a tree.
A photo of a girl looking at her phone.
A group of people at tables with computers and papers in front of them, and a woman holding a cellular phone up in front of her face.
A woman sitting at a booth at a restaurant, looking at her cell phone.
Woman talking on cell phone next to wall with graffiti.
A phone is shown in closeup, next to an advertisement for phones.
a young person kneeling down feeding a cat 
A TV sitting next to a computer sitting on top of a desk.
a santa clause that is looking at a phone
Children sitting on the floor reading papers and one reading a phone.
a close up of a cell phones key pad
A man about to enter a subway train
A tennis player in white gets ready for the ball.
An aerial view of an office, showing three people at work.
two men on a street both are smoking
A man with a pen in hand examining some documents.
a woman holding a cell phone wearing a ring
The man is carting his suitcase around the city.
Various electronics on a desk wired into a computer terminal
a bunch of watches, cell phones and clocks on a table
A woman on her cell phone on a park bench near some luggage.
Several people gathered around a table with drinks.
A man on a cell phone with a camera on his shoulder.
a person siting on a bench with a cell phone 
Three men in old military clothing sit in a field.
A man with a suit jacket holding a cellphone.
The small dog is standing on the desk next to the computer.
A woman is on her cell phone sitting on the bus.
Two people are posing for the camera while others are in the background. 
People are standing next to a green subway train looking at their phones and talking.
This  seventy proof digestif is made in Germany
Several people walk along the snow covered streets.
a person that's holding a mobile phone device
A man sitting in a classroom setting while looking at a phone with a board game on the desk in front of him.
Two people walking along a water front in low light conditions.
Two people are sitting down at a table with glasses.
A selection of travel supplies are set out on a bed.
The bag is laying on the bottom bunk of the bed.
A skateboarder is in the air doing a trick.
A long table with people looking at the camera.
a couple of people that are staring at a camera 
Men in uniforms and suits are looking at bomb-type weapons.
A woman taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror
A man sitting in a car that has a lot of CB equipment.
A table topped with electronics and office supplies.
A man is in a store talking on a cell phone.
A young kid playing on a cellphone on a sandy beach.
hands covering a face and holding a shaver
A clown mimicking a man on a cell phone.
A clean modern style kitchen view over the counter top.
There is a man and a woman and several dogs.
The group of friends is having a good time.
a group of people sitting around a table texting on their cellphones. 
A woman in a red kimono using a cell phone.
A woman sitting on a curb with her feet on top of a skateboard.
A group of people riding a white and blue train.
A Nokia advertisement hangs on a post near the sidewalk. 
A office desk with a computer monitor and a cellphone on it.
a couple walking out of a church after getting married

two people are playing the Nintendo Wii together. 
A man standing in a field looking at some animals.
The two girls are reading text messages from friends.
a person with a cell phone on his hip
A man holds a skateboard in his hand.
Some sort of electronic with an orange band around it
A women who is talking on her cell phone.
a man holding onto four different cell phones 
A cell phone and a radio by a book.
A woman taking a cell-phone picture of a concert in a crowd.
A woman looking at a table pc sitting on a table.
Two people on their phones in a roller coaster while the two people in back scream.
There are five older model cell phones clustered together.
A man tries using aluminum to improve a mobile device's signal.
a bunch of computers that are on a desk
a woman holds up a cell phone in a crowd
A restaurant table with a drink and computer
A man in a police uniform holding a cell phone to his ear.
A woman wearing sunglasses while using her cell phone.
a key  chain with a small stuffed bear resting next to an open cell phone
A black cell phone sitting on a silver holder on a table. 
two people taking selfies at the same time
Electronic equipment displayed on table next to literature.
A woman smiles as she talks on her phone.
Table that includes money, cellphones and pints of beer.
A woman holding a cell phone in her hand up to her ear.
Two men stand side by side and use their cell phones.
A male in an orange shirt standing next to a racing bike.
A black cat is lying next to a remote control.
A few front and back views of a cell phone with Geo hot on one and Earth on the other.
A young girl with two cell phones in front of her
A young girl sitting on a windowsill holding an electronic device
A smiling man with a mobile phone to his ear.
A girl sitting on a table in a bedroom looking out of a window.
A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.
A frowning toddler carefully examines an electronic device.
A desk with a lot of computer equipment and tangled wires.
a group of guys sitting on hot wheels bikes 
The contents of a purse are laid on the floor beside it.
A beautiful young blond making a duck lips face.
Two women are smoking and looking at their cellphones.
People are on a boat by the water.
some people sitting at tables are eating and one has a laptop
A laptop sitting on a living space table with a spacious desert view.
A man on a motor bike riding down the street.
A young woman on the phone holding an umbrella
The person is holding their phone in their hand.
The teddy bear and two boxed necklaces are on the table next to the cell phone. 
An elderly couple cutting a cake in a box 
A man in a work vest adjusts something on a mechanical device.
A man leaning against a metal railing over the water taking a picture with his phone.
A young child having a meal with an adult and a teddy bear.
A cat sitting on the floor in front of a computer and a desk.
A man talks on a phone attached to a jumble of wires.  
The man looks at a small robot with a cell phone on it. 
The breakfast plates have pancakes with bananas next to eggs and hash browns.
someone is holding in their hands a very old mp3 player
a woman sits on the floor next to a tube on her phone
Two android phones are placed next to each other. 
A book laying open on a desk with a cell phone.
A man sitting at a table with soup while he holds a phone in his hand.
a man with his suitcase is walkout of a building
A man standing and talking on a phone in a courtyard.
A woman on a cell phone drinking a beverage from a mug
A woman is sitting on a chair while resting one of her feet on a different chair.
two people one on a laptop and the other on a cellphone
A group of men and woman are laughing, frowning and one is holding an umbrella on a crowded bus. 
a guy in blue camo in a kitchen teaching girls how to cook
A table full of desserts with a large cake in the center.
a person on a skate board rides next to a person on a bike 
A hot dog and fries in a basket by some drinks.
A man takes a photo of himself in a public bathroom.
A woman is standing in the kitchen using her phone.
A dog is sniffing two babies sitting on a chair.
a woman is looking at her smart phone
A woman is walking wearing a white coat.
Several people sitting in a public area with a stone walkway.
A bunch of items laid out on a table to be packed up.
A car console has a cell phone and other things in it.
A walk in shower sitting next to two bathroom sinks.
The street has many signs near a traffic signal.
 a ponytailed man with a beard flashing a peace sign whole he looks down at his phone
A bag with a side pocket made for a cellphone. 
A man and woman sitting at a table, taking a selfie with a smart phone.
A adult's hand holding an unidentified electronics device.
Smiling woman with hair in her face talking on a cellphone.
Man in his vehicle talking on his cell phone.
A lady with tattoos talking on a cell phone.
A bowl of food is next to a laptop and many scattered papers.
A lady sitting at a table with several dishes of food on it.
A man standing next to an ice cream cart.
a girl that is holding a cell phone to her ear
A woman using her phone, sitting next to a man.
A young woman is waiting for her bus to arrive.
The person has a cellphone in their hand that is off.
A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
A man holding a device in his hand during a seminar.
THERE IS A LIVING ROOM WITH A TV IN THERE 
A DOUBLE DECKER BUS IS DRIVING THROUGH THE APPLE PARKING LOT
A pregnant woman is using her cell phone on a busy street.
Two women using their laptops next to each other.
Three people sitting at a table on laptops
A man eating at a table by himself.
A man in a suit talking on a cell phone
A living room with an open fire place
A man at the dinner table while on his cell phone.
The bedroom is clean and ready to use.
A pepperoni pizza on a table next to a plate of pasta.
Two women on cellphones laughing with trees in the background.
The man is sitting down talking on his cell phone. 
A man is sitting in the dirt next to a bike.
PHONE SITTING ON TOP OF GROCERY ADS, AND A GREEN STRIPED BOX
A woman is sitting at a desk using a computer.
The woman is standing near a map posted on the sidewalk. 
Young woman in green shirt sitting down looking at her phone. 
A young girl in a dress in front of a Christmas tree.
The man is riding the bike and looking at his cell phone. 
Five people are seated at a table with three pizzas.
The computer desk has many electronics and books on it.
a man sitting at a desk with an lap top powered on
A man at an Intel event spins a soccer ball on his finger.
a man riding a bike down a sidewalk as others just sit
A person standing at a counter cooking food in a kitchen.
A man using a phone next to a motorcycle
A woman sitting on a chair in a store.
A woman working on a laptop at a desk.
A group of women holding up smart phones in front of a building.
Female in coat holding cigarette and talking on cellphone
ear phones a cell phone some pill bottles
Young lady wearing glasses eating at outdoor table.
A home computer and desk in a room.
a dog sits on a bed next to a laptop computer
The desktop an laptop computers have been set together.
two males at a brown table two laptops and newspapers and glasses
Two children are helped by adults on their skateboards. 
A man has a camera and another has a phone.
A dog sitting atop a very small motorcycle.
 a calzone sitting on a plate next to a cell phone and knife an fork
a black and white image of a man on the phone
A guy and girl sitting on couches using their phones.
A wooden computer desk with a computer sitting on top of it.
A person holding a glass in one hand and a phone in the other.
An older man is holding a cell phone.
a lady that is looking up at a camera phone
A woman in a red dress talking on a phone.
A girl showing off a thing she has in her hand
This is a serious workstation with laptop and cell phone now charging  during work break.
A woman on a cell phone by an American Flag.
A woman in an orange dress is riding a bike while talking on her phone.
A set of headphones sits on a notebook at a computer desk.
A man holding a guitar in front of a laptop computer.
A desk with multiple computer screens forming one large screen.
A woman with a ring looking at her cellular phone.
The woman in high heels is looking at her phone
A person sitting at a table and a horse looking over a fence. 
the two people are enjoying the enormous buffet.
Hands of several people holding different cell phones.
A colorful bunch of pillows sit on a sofa

A woman standing on the sidewalk and talking on her cellphone.
A woman's hand holding a music device playing a song.
A hand that is holding a cellphone with a picture.
A pushbutton phone sitting next to a laptop in someone's cubicle.
A man and a women taking a photo of a plate of food.
A man scratches his collar while another man smokes and talks on a phone.
A man, wearing a helmet and sunglasses, talks on his cellphone. 
People walking through what appears to be a mall with many stores.
Mobile phone displayed in white and blue package.
Group full of santa's with one on his phone.
An image of an analog clock is seen on a screen.
A man talks on a cell phone outside a theater. 
a lady on the street holding a phone 
A person holding up a cell phone showing a screen.
a small square food stand selling bananas 
Young man wearing hoodie making hand gesture next to his face.
A girl in pink tennis shoes is sitting on a curb talking on a cellphone.
A woman holding a phone up to her ear.
A cell phone is giving off reflection and keypad orbs.
A bedroom in an apartment in a skyscraper.
there is a man wearing a suit and taking a picture in the mirror
A person in a graduate hat holding up a cell phone.
A laptop sitting on top of a curvy desk.
Four boys sit on a dock and talk on their phones
A group of people holding their phones in the air
Oriental people looking at their cell phones while riding the subway.
A computer desk topped with electronics devices and a computer.
A group of people seated around a wooden table with plates of food.
A man laying on a tennis court trying to hand a female stretching a racket. 
A man in a blue shirt looking at his cell phone.
A person's reflection in a small mirror in a small sleeping area.
A family celebrating with gifts and a fancy cake
An old cell phone rests upon some peas.
A radio base station sitting on the table.
A table topped with magazines and a laptop.
A man holding a cellphone ad eating a donut in a parking lot.
A man on his cell phone in an old building. 
A small girl is looking down at a toy.
A large crowd of people gather around a poster shop.
A person wearing a helmet sitting on a park bench with a bicycle leaning  on the side.
A bathroom with a standup shower, sink and mirror.
an image of a cat sitting in a purse
A woman wearing a striped shirt with a phone up to her ear.
Two men staring at a phone screen on the street. 
A man sitting on some rocks with no shirt on having a drink.
a big round yellow thing hooked on a cell phone
An older man and a small child sitting together with the small child pushing buttons on a flip style cellular phone the man is holding.
A fat black cat laying inside of an upside down umbrella.
three men standing in weeds using their cell phones
The President of the United States giving a stirring speech.
A programming book sits beside an open laptop computer.
a skateboarder riding his skateboard while talking on a cellphone
A family is playing a game in a living room.
A bed with a colorful bed spread with  a lamp at the head on a nightstand.
a birthday cake with some electronic toppings on it 
there is a man standing by an island in a kitchen
a person sitting in a chair using a cell phone 
An orange smartphone with a stylus in a persons hand.
A lady is enjoying a cold beer as she chats on her phone.
A man standing next to a woman while holding a smart phone.
The man in the hat walks along using his cell phone.
A child sitting in front of a laptop computer.
The computer desk has books, a cell phone, and pictures on the cubicle walls. 
Pedestrians are walking down the sidewalk beside a building. 
A laptop and a mouse on a table.
A man and a woman sitting at a table. The man is on the phone.
Two halves of a panini sit side-by-side on a plate.
A woman talks on the phone while using a manual mower.
a tennis player with a racket on the court
A man sitting next to a woman at a table.
A man riding a bike with a cell phone at his ear
A large display of a hand holding a cell phone to tell the time.
A large group of people on the street.
There is a large table and many people have their MacBook's out.
A woman wearing sunglasses while listening on her cellphone. 
a bed room with two beds a tv and a desk
black woman sits on fire hydrant talks on phone
Three white computers sitting on a desktop surface.
A cell phone, laptop, tablet, mouse and adapter lying on a black surface.
A boy and a girl standing in a kitchen talking to each other.
Two women greet two pilots in front of a plane.
there are two men that are posing for a picture together 
A woman looks at her cell phone while her cat stands on her shoulder.
A man sitting on top of a bench in a  parking lot.
Two people standing at the service window of a food truck.
A woman is smiling and talking on a cellphone.
A woman standing in a corner talking on a cell phone.
a coupe is talking on their cellular phones
a man standing in the bathroom while looking at his cell phone 
A group of people in a living room sitting on the couch talking.
A pair of women sitting on a curb looking at cell phones.
A man with dark sunglasses is talking on a cell phone.
A woman walking on a log in the woods.
A hand holding a cellphone above a checkered blanket.
A woman sitting cross legged by a river using a cell phone
I group of people are standing around a young woman with a cake.
A man in a red shirt is talking on a cell phone.
A cluttered desk with various electronics placed in front of a monitor.
A laptop sits next to a computer monitor on a desk. 
a couple sitting on the side of a canal as a boat goes by
A man wearing a hat and jacket stand in the foreground with boats in the background.
a boy sitting on a couch and reaching for food 
A girl on a cell phone sitting down.
A man on his cell phone next to a kite in the grass.
People are holding a meeting seated around a dining table.
The words "Connect_Anywhere" cover a black and white photo of an unattended backpack left beside the window of an airport terminal overlooking the tarmac and a commercial airplane.
A subway leaving the station and passengers waiting for the next train. 
A man is putting food on his plate and a woman is pouring wine.
A woman in a skirt and heels crosses a crosswalk while holding an umbrella over her head.
A man how is sitting inside of a house looking at something.
She is sitting on the wall talking on her cell phone.
A man that is standing next to a woman with an umbrella.
Two teddy bears dressed in nice clothing, one is male and the other is female.
A man dressed in a costume is talking on a cell phone.
A man lighting candles on a cake on a table.
A man with a black sport jacket making a call through a cellphone
Man sitting in a park feeding a flock of pigeons. 
Woman wearing a hat talking on a cell phone.
Two girls and one guy waiting at baggage claim.
two women walking down the road while talking on cell phones 
The lady has a phone in her hand
A view of a hand holding an open cell phone
A unfinished wooden table with bottles of beer, glasses and candles.
Two religious statues sit on a table at an entrance.
A man sitting at a table holding up a cell phone.
A man looking at a vast mountain landscape.
A young woman sitting in front of four laptop computers.
An artistic view point of a man and his dog. 
A woman talking on a phone while wearing a black shirt.
A man standing on a sidewalk talking on the phone.
A man setting at a table iusing his phone.
a living room filled with assorted decorations 
Three computer screens sit atop a wooden desk.
Two men standing outside, around a table with a birthday cake in the center.
A boy and a girl on a boat while another boy is standing on land with one foot on the boat.
Group of people sitting on a red couch drinking wine. 
a group of people that are sitting with laptops
A laptop on a desk in front of different types of pictures.
A man is holding a cell phone up to his ear.
A computer on a desk next to a window
An open laptop and a plate sit atop a bed
Man taking a photo of himself standing in front of a television. 
Three ripe bananas in between a laptop and a cell phone. 
Two young ladies sitting on a couch texting on their cell phones.
A black and white photo of men sitting on benches
View of a plate and a man across the table eating at a large outdoor dinner.
A woman sitting in a chair talking on a cell phone.
A cell phone sitting on a piece of wood with a plant growing out of it.
A man on a crowded city street pointing his phone up.
a flip phone is sitting on a wood table
An organized school locker with various school supplies.
A man stands behind a crowd reading a small book.
A group of people standing in a field
Someone is holding their tablet connected to a surge protector.
Supplies scattered out on a couch cushion next to a purse.
The young men are taking a break from riding their skateboards. 
A man with a skateboard on a ramp.
A person talks on a cell phone as they sit on a red barrel.
A young lady sitting at the table with a large pot is on her phone. 
A standing woman looking at her cell phone.
A girl sitting outside a building with a cigarette and phone.
A phone or something with a sim card near it
two people sitting at a desk with laptops
A man taking a selfie while holding a baby.
A girl with sunglasses looking at her phone.
A black cat taking a drink out of a white cup.
A guy is holding a sign for Hella Occupy Oakland and there is another guy sitting close by.
A woman stands outside talking on a cell phone.
The menu of a cellular phone in someone's hand.
A living room with a spiral staircase in the background. 
Group of people gathered around pizza box on bed divided into four sections
Two children are on the couch with the cat
A woman is checking her phone outside on a fall day.
A grey and white cat laying on a piece of paper.
A man in black stands next to a guitar case near a white wall.
A man wearing sunglasses talking on a cell phone.
a person talking an a cell phone while drinking a cup of tea
A man holding a smartphone while standing in a dining room.
Three women sitting at the table about to eat .
A table is set with silver ware and a pizza.
a man is sitting at a table with a small laptop
A hand on a computer mouse in front of a desktop computer 
a number of cell phones on a table near one another 
a person hold a new smart phone in their hand 
The inside view of a very clean, smartly decorated living room.
Young lady in a store of purses and shoes.
A woman laying on the bed while using her cell phone.
A woman talking in her phone while eating dinner
A man is holding a sign and a cell phone.
A couch next to a bed, table and a television.
a woman playing on her phone takes a picture
Miscellaneous electronic computer devices and printer on desk. 
He's taking a picture of his friends at the restaurant.
A woman sitting in a car using a phone
A yellow and red purse with the contents emptied on top.
A dog trying to dodge a picture being taken by a child.
a man in vintage armor talks on a cell phone 
a casually dressed businessman crosses a city street
Two women sitting at a table with a plate of food.
A baseball player prepares to swing as a pitch is thrown.
Two men with luggage walking through an airport.
A crowd is gathered holding flags and wearing red, white, and blue colors.
People waiting for a bus at a bus station.
A man in a cap talks on his cell phone. 
A stuffed animal bear with head phones at a desk.
Person walking while talking on a cell phone.
A woman standing in a room on a cell phone.
a person standing operating a cell phone in a room
A computer desk topped with a camera and a computer.
Laughing women sitting on the ground holding a computer
A woman standing in a very large room while tending to an animal.
Several notebook computers are lying on a glass table in a room.
a man wearing eye glasses while playing with a cell phone
there is a man crouching in the street next to many chargers
This shows an innovative Apple device and a keyboard. 
A woman who is standing in the mirror with a phone.
A couple of people in a room with a remote.
A tennis player in action on the court.
A group of motorcycles parked on the side of a road.
A person that is looking at her cell phone.
A group of people standing around a table with a pizza.
a large crowd of people sitting in the park 
there is a small lap top surrounded by other things
A little girl wearing glasses taking a selfie.
A woman holding a cell phone with her shoulder.
person lying on ground reading book and holding cell phone.
A man taking a photo in a mirror with a small camera.
A man sitting on a bench using the phone
A living room filled with furniture and a picture of a man on a wall.
A woman in a tank top checks something on her phone. 
A man standing in front of water talking on a cell phone.
A young woman looking down at a cellphone.
A man using his phone while a little girl sleeps on his shoulder. 
a couple of people stand around a kitchen table 
A monk is looking at a mobile phone among ancient architecture.
A man talks on a cell phone while holding a camera.
A group of people sitting around a table eating food.
a desk with computer stuff on it with a phone
A group of computers sit on top of a desk.
A group of people sitting around a table with pizza on it.
Three women are dressed in costumes in a room.
A married couple posing in front of a piece of birthday cake.
A bottle of beer, a BlackBerry, a slice of pizza, and a game controller on top of a table.
A group of people sitting at a dining table at a restaurant. 
Two hands that are holding a cell phone.
A man sitting on a bench alongside the curb of a busy street.
there are two woman drinking beers and eating food
A laptop computer, cell phone and speaker sit on a desktop.
An audience of people are taking pictures on their cell phones.
a man brushing his teeth taking a photo with his phone
The group of people are holding their cell phones together.
a white desk a chair a window and a laptop
A bedroom with a table, chairs and a balcony.
Some people sit in the back of a truck together. 
Three young men are sitting in a row with their skateboards.
some ghetto dude decked out in lakers gear
Older woman talking on the phone while sitting on the bed's edge
The cell phone is flipped open and has a key board. 
Two young women standing beside each other use their cell phones.
A cell phone and another gadget with the same man on them. 
The woman stands in the fog next to the train tracks.
The purse and it's contents are laid out on the floor.
A person looking at another person wearing a deer head on their head.
people sitting around a table talking about stuff 
there is an ipod next to a headphone and telephone 
There is a man talking on a cell phone.
A desk with office equipment and powered on computer on it.
A young man holding a smart phone while sitting in front of a pizza.
A woman and a young girl checking their devices the same time.
A group of people at a party, eating a very large pizza.
A woman standing in front of a mirror taking a picture.
two people sitting next to each other outside in rocking chairs using cellular phones.
Two children, one pudgy boy and a girl in a dress look at an electronic gadget.
a kid outside near a water area with a phone in his mouth
A police officer sits on a motorcycle while a man takes his picture. 
A little child sitting in a car seat in the back seat of a car.
Collage of a phone store with woman showing features.
a bed in a room with a chair and a window
People are splashing in shallow water on the pavement.
a man sitting at a table with soup and coffee looks at a chocolate cake with a lit candle
A girl is eating while on a cellphone
A woman holding up a cell phone has a pony tail in a scrunchy and a bald spot. 
A half naked man talking on a phone.
A person is calling someone on his phone regarding information on his laptop.
A group of men sitting around a table using computers.
A lady seated at a heavy wooden desk using a laptop PC.
Three women are walking as a security guard is using a cell phone.
A man repairing a parking meter sitting on the side of a road.
A white plate topped with breakfast sandwiches with a  cup of sauce.
A stadium full of people wearing red and clapping.
A cell phone on disorganized work space with other things
A boy and girl sitting beside each other in the grass on the side of a building. 
A man in a skullcap sits on a window sill.
A wedding party poses for photographs outside in a garden.
Two mean pose for the camera holding a cell phone and a pac man.
A man working on his laptop in a family room.
A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.
A cell phone laying face down with the battery taken out of it
The waiting room of a doctor's office has nice chairs to sit in.
A bed made up of two twin mattresses pushed together.
Two women with dark hair holds their phones while looking at one woman's phone.
The man is smiling at the camera as he talks on the phone.
A large desk in a room that has a notebook and a laptop computer on it.
Dog catching a thrown frisbee infront of spectators.
The girl is standing holding a skate board. 
Cluttered desk with a desktop computer and open laptop computer. 
A notebook computer is set up with an additional keyboard and monitor.
Three people in a red uniform riding horses.
A man riding a skateboard down a street.
a man that is standing around with a bat in hand
A man and woman standing next to each other.
A young man watching television at a desk with a laptop and a notebook.
A young atlhete texting on his phone in a parking lot.
A man is talking on a cellphone in a restaurant.
A woman standing in an open air market surrounded by people
Man in a cafe about to eat a double decker sandwich
A man is on a smartphone as he gets a tattoo.
a baby fiddles with a laptop on a bed 
A laptop computer is sitting on a corner desk.
A computer monitor is attached to a wall near a keyboard and mouse on a desk.
A laptop and a keyboard rest on stacks of books. 
A cluttered desk with open books and a CRT monitor.
A man with a cell phone to his ear walking down a sidewalk.
Two men talking on phones walking down the street. 
A man is holding a bottle of wine at his computer.
Someone playing with an old cellphone at home. 
A woman talks on the phone while sitting in a car.
An office is filled with a desk, computer, printer, laptop, and chair.
An older man in a pirate outfit is walking down the street in a big city while talking on the phone
A woman with blue hair smiles and holds a cell phone.
two people standing by some poles and talking to each other
A man is assisting a woman in finding information via cell phone.
A beautiful young blond laying on top of a bed.
Two men and a woman are playing video games.
A woman displaying a gadget to the camera. 
A man standing with a woman on phone on the side of a road near a tree.
A neutral colored family room with table and chairs.
A man laying on top of a bench on a dirt field.
A woman behind a car huddling beneath an umbrella
The bride and groom sit on the stone bench as pedestrians pass by.
A man standing next to a red bike.
An elaborate computer setup containing two computers and a speaker system.
A girl texting on an inflatable slide indoors.
A man sits at a picnic table at the park
A teddy bear on a windowsill holding a cellphone.
A kitchen with a dishwasher, oven and microwave.
A woman talks somberly on her cell phone.
A home desk set up with telephone, two monitors, laptop and sound
An old man holding up a cell phone to his face.
a close up ofa child with a toy cell phone in its mouth
A man standing on the street with a phone.
The person is holding the camera in their hand. 
There are four people sitting on a subway seat and two are looking at their phones.
A pizza sitting on top of a metal pan.
A laptop on a desk in a room.
three people in a living room playing nintendo wii
In an airport, a man helps a saffron robed monk with his cell phone.
A young woman stands in the street and looks at her phone at the same time. 
A group of woman holding teddy bears and resting on a the wall.
A wii remote standing upright near a mouse and a cellphone.
A man walks as he speaks to someone on his phone
A person sits on a couch with their injured leg propped up
A person hosing off pavement while on the phone.
A woman and four young girls toting things on their heads near a train.
A person sitting on a big block talking on a cell phone.
A man all in black sits outside of a building with a barred door
A group of friends holding up their cell phones to take selfies.
A group of people walk along the sidewalk.
There is a clock on the sidewalk near the large building.
An apple laptop with pens, headphones, books and various small items.
Small vase with flowers in it sitting next to wine glasses on a table. 
A woman with red hair is sitting on a bench.
Group of snowboarders in transportation vehicle near ski area.
A beautiful young woman laying on a bean bag chair using a laptop computer.
A woman looks into the camera and shows her cell phone. 
Stylish computer desk with color bars on the display.
A laptop and accessories on a blue bed.
A woman licks a bottle flanked by her friends.  
A woman holding a cell phone up to her ear.
A man with luggage standing beside the railroad tracks.
There is an outdated mobile phone on a wooden table.
Several men in a room with a lot of bags and sleeping bags on the floor.
A group of people sitting around white tables.
A man in a hat talking on a cell phone.
The computer desk has two monitors and large headphones on it.
A man carrying to baby lambs through a field.
a woman is taking a picture with her phone
Large crowd observing computer monitors with walls and floor
Two women sit next to each other in a bookstore.
A woman's hand is holding up a lit up cell phone.
A man wearing a red shirt takes a photo of himself in the mirror
a man with a tattooed arm holding onto a cup of coffee 
An open razor phone sits next to another cell phone. 
A crowd of people looking at animals standing in hay
A man sitting on a bed using a laptop.
A smiling woman is looking at her cell phone.
A young man sitting in a car talking on a cell phone.
Two men are standing in a room playing a video game..
THERE ARE A LOT OF PEPOLE THAT ARE WALKING IN THE STREET
A group of young people taking notes on small pads
A woman talks on her cellphone while riding a city bus.
A computer sits on a desk next to other items.
A man with an Ipod standing in a coat, tie and leather pants.
A pile of cell phones laying in a pile.
A man that is sitting with a group of people.
A woman standing with her legs crossed in black boots and a black coat while talking on a cell phone and another woman seated in jeans talking on her cell phone.
Some computer stuff and a cell phone on a desk.
A young boy is holding a cell phone up to his face.
Woman using her phone standing under an umbrella on the sidewalk
High school age kids are going down a buffet line. 
A man driving a vehicle surrounded by different types of technology.
A man playing and interactive video game. 
There are electronics sitting on top of a desk.
a woman holding a plate with some colorful slices of cake on it
Two electronic devices, one with a large keyboard, the other with a clock display.
Two men and a dog in front of a tattoo and piercing shop.

a persons hand near a phone and computer
A woman on a sidewalk against a wall on a cell phone.
A group of people sitting around a table.
A girl shows her cell phone case off to the camera. 
A really big family posing for a picture at a special event.
A woman in a pink hat is looking at a cellphone.
Middle aged man talking on his phone in a crowd
A women who is listening to music on her cell phone.
A woman that is sitting on stairs talking on the phone.
Someone holding a cell phone in their hand.
Two women sitting on a concrete rail on their cell phones.
a white black and brown cat a laptop and some pens and pencils
A young man is shown using a cell phone.
A man checks his cellphone while another man stands next to him.
Two women are taking photos with their cellphones, while another woman stands near them.
A woman walking down a  street wearing boots.
The young man with four cell phones sits alone.
The man sitting at his laptop with earphones is drinking wine.
The man sits underneath an umbrella at a table using his cell phone. 
A couple of women standing in a hall with stuffed bears.
A small group of people that are standing in a room with two shark blimps. 
A man standing near a framed picture and piano. 
A decorative key chain with assorted keys attached to it.
A stack of cellphones are sitting on a table.
Three men sitting at a table aboard a boat.
A girl standing in a dress holding a remote controller.
Two women sitting beside of one another having dinner together.
a woman is standing in a large bathroom
A man hunched over in front of a lap top computer.
A flip up cell phone with keypad on top of a book
A crowd of people standing around a long table.
A cellphone, car keys, and other contents of a purse.
A man wearing a helmet talking on a cell phone.
A woman sitting on a bus while talking on a phone.
A female checks her smart phone while leaning against a short wall.
Man with cell phone on walkway near plants and trees.
man with glasses talking on a cell phone.
Two men, one wearing a suit and one wearing a military uniform, standing together
Several different cell phones on a white surface.
A man talking on a phone standing next to tall buildings.
A crowded street scene with cars, a Brinks truck, buses and people standing on sidewalk. 
Group of people posing for a photo inside a restaurant. 
OK, let's have a look at the recipe that we need to make dinner.
A woman with red hair stands in front of vendor and checks her phone.
A man sitting on the bench talking on his phone.
The sun glaring through some windows in a restaurant.
An array of custom homemade pizzas on a table.
A woman that is laying down on a bench with a cellphone.
Shelves are stacked with dvd's by a computer desk.
Two men at on an airport tarmac. 

There are three different computer screens showing the same thing.
a man and a woman sitting down next to a railing one on the phone 
an image of a kitchen setting with various cords hanging
A hand holding a black cellphone over a black keyboard.
A person wearing sunglasses on a cellular phone. 
A variety of electronic equipment on top of a charge box.
A work area with an outside door at night.
Man people sitting at rectangular tables; a few people taking pictures. 
A group of people walking around an area together.
a person riding a skate board on a bench
A man is having a conversation on his cell phone.
THIS IS A PHOTO OF SOMEONES PERSONAL WORK SPACE
Laptop computer with a mouse and several coffee cups nearby. 
Two pictures side by side of a young white girl in a pink top, one holding a cell phone picture of her sibling, and the other with her sibling
A young woman sitting on a bench using her cell phone
A young man and woman sit looking at a cell phone.
Jamie Lee Curtis talking on a cell phone next to a 9/11 Cover-Up poster.
a table top with some computers on top of it 
A person on a motor bike riding on a road.
Two police officers on bicycles riding down the street.
A woman sitting in a train station looking at her phone.
The lady sitting on the park bench watches porn on her cell phone.
a male in a black shirt is holding a cellphone
Man standing on a sidewalk next to a trash can talking on a cellphone.
A man sleeping in his bed beside his cell phone.
A police officer standing on the side of the road by his bike and another car. 
A group of asian people waiting at an airport.
a cellphone sitting next to a hot dog and a pickle 
The man and the woman sit on a couch using their cell phones. 
Small boy in a uniform sitting on the ground outdoors. 
Two guys in Halloween costumes looking at a cell phone.
A man on his phone in front of his laptop at a cafe 
a bottle of orange juice next to a empty glass
a happy woman and two bored kits with a box of donuts
this man is eating a box of donuts
A woman with a cell phone in front of another woman.
Room with a couch, keyboard next to the double doors, and a computer chair in front of a table with a computer on it.
Women sitting on a bench at a carnival.
Both a man and a woman are on their respective cell phones. 
A lamp is on by a laptop on a desk
A cell phone and a charger on a desk.
a collection of personal items; phones, watch, sunglasses, keys, pen, notebook
A homemade pizza dish sits on a cutting board.
A person holds up a cellular phone with Asian language writing above a display case.
A man taking a picture of some framed art.
a woman with eye  glasses holding up a cell phone
A man on his cell phone while eating a meal with people.
a close up of a person sitting with a cell phone
A coach talking to a tennis player sitting on a bench during a tennis event.
A woman is taking a picture of herself in the bathroom.
Young attractive woman in pink dress looking at her phone.
A woman stands on a street talking on her cellphone.
A shoulder bag with its contents laid out around it.
Cell phone plugged into laptop to charge up it's battery
A man in black shirt sitting on subway with a skateboard.
A wooden table topped with four laptop computers.
A woman holding a smart phone displaying the screen.
A cop riding on the back of a police motorcycle.
A baby is smiling while holding a phone
A meter showing position and direction of the player.
A laptop computer sitting next to knitting equpment.
A pink cell phone with numbers on the keys is sitting next to a green cell phone that is slid open.
A add for a job and or company.
a group of people stands around a table of food
A man cuts some food on a baking sheet while a dog and some people look on.
a family of older adults posing in front of empty glasses and plates
A woman smiles above an enormous pizza slice.
A crowd of people walking around a city
A park offers fresh air and a place to perch while reading or interacting with a phone. 
En engaged woman sitting with her hands in her lap.
A woman wearing glasses using a cell phone.
Two people on a motorcycle dressed in santa suits.
A woman holding a cell phone in a crochet cell phone holder. 
A flip cell phone is open on a surface.
Cops are riding horses while in the parade.
A man sitting at a table using his smart phone next to someone holding a half a sandwich.
Three people in store looking at objects in hands
A group of people talking with each other.
Several various items laying next to a back pack.
A pair of laptops sitting next to each other in a room.
A woman wearing a red jacket sitting on the floor using a phone
A police officer talking to people on a street.
a man on a cell phone in front of a park
A group of women in a large room with food on a table.
Objects such as a teddy bear, cell phone and junk mail sit on a desk.
There are three pillows on this bed and the covers have been pulled down. 
A man sitting on a bench talking on a phone with his hand in his pants.
A man wearing black with an orange backpack on his back checking out a pen.
People walking down a sidewalk near a road and a building.
Person holding up cell phone and someone else is walking up ahead
a young man ordering food on his cellphone 
A bathroom which has a telephone, sink and mirror. 
a couple of kids play a video game 
A person laughing on the telephone near a lot of treats
A person taking a picture of a baby on a cell phone.
A yellow truck is driving down a city street.
A woman talking on the phone in a room.
A person standing in the grass on a cell phone.
Lone person in cold weather clothes, including boots, talking on a cell phone on a sidewalk.
A chair and a couch in a small room.
A sandwich cut in half on a plate.
A woman in a military uniform showing something to some little girls.
A woman with a make shift cell phone head set containing a rubber band.
A woman holding up the curst of a pizza next to table.
a women that is standing up holding a cell phone
Two cell phones sitting side by side next to each other .
A man riding a skateboard down a red street.
Expensive headphones resting between two white and black laptops.
a group of people gathered around eating in a restaurant 
A desktop computers sitting on a desk next to a laptop.
a indian man standing on a corner with a blue shirt on holding a cellphone
A woman holding an open cell phone up in the air.
This is a picture of everyone taking down a message on their phone.
A well dressed man and woman are standing on the side walk.
a close up two people holding cell phones
An unorganized desk with alcohol, a laptop, computer and a phone.
A popular book sits near a black cell phone.
A man is smiling for the camera in his ski gear. 
A man talking on a cell phone on a ski lift.
Man sitting at modern desk performing official business in room.
A man with a bicycle stares at his phone in front of a large painting.
Group of people all standing around a open store.
A person talks on their phone in front of an oriental store.
One is man is standing while the other sits in their bare apartment.  
A woman with many bags walks and talks on the phone
Woman smiles on couch while using her cell phone
Young lady smiling leaning on the bed holding a can

two people are sitting on a couch resting
A view of a large, Majestic white capped mountain by a village.
A smiling man putting headphones on his ears.
A woman cutting a cake sitting on top of a table.
A man wearing a hat sitting down looking at his cell phone.
A man in a field takes a picture with his phone.
A woman sitting at a table on her phone.
A computer set up on a desk with three additional monitors
there are many different things layer on this table
A man in a green hat and a green and white shirt has a cell phone up to his ear.
A tennis player swinging his racket at a match.
A man talking on a cell phone in a care with lots of technological equipment.
A woman sits on a bench on a city street.
A man talks on a mobile phone in front of trees decorated with lights.
A police officer sitting on a bench in a hallway. 
A cell phone on a table with a blue glass behind it.
A man in a suit and red tie leans over a black table while looking at a black laptop.
The bike shop employee is helping a customer. 
a person holding a cell phone in a dark room
A living room full and untidy with many household items.
Man is walking with a horse on a track.
a woman laughing while checking out her cell phone 
a boy on his cell phone at graduation
A man and a woman on their cell phones next to each other.
A purse on a seat by itself near a portable device.
Two scenes of a woman on the phone with coffee.
A girl is throwing a Frisbee to a boy while in a gym.
Two men in civil war era uniforms riding horses.
Plates of food consisting of different meats and some rice. 
a close up of an older cell phone on a book
A home office has a desk and a laptop.
It is a surprise birthday party for this young man.
A woman takes a picture with her camera phone.
teens sitting on a bench and looking at their cell phones 
The women are sitting at a table drinking wine at a party
A woman is playing on her cellphone during a party.
A man wearing a camera while standing near a metal pole.
Guy sitting on the park bench holding up his cell phone
A black and white photograph of people at benches, with the closest man in color
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
They had on their skis and were sitting in the chair lift.
a group of people sitting at a table with a large pizza 
A man in a fedora at the top of a mountain taking a selfie.
Two men sit together as they have a drink
a man holding a cell phone standing in front of blue wallpaper with designs and a large wall vent
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
A computer desk in a room with a chair and other accessories. 
A bride and groom walking down the steps with rice in the air.
A woman sitting on a wall next to bike holding a laptop.
Two small toys on top of a flip mobile phone.
Green,red and blue umbrellas floating above a large group of people.
A man holding a phone up to the side of his face.
a bald man is talking on a cellphone
A woman sitting in a chair while talking on a cell phone with her leg up in the air.
The woman is smoking a cigarette and talking on the cell phone.
a woman in a blue sweatshirt and a bed 
A young woman leaning against a corner of a building while texting.
A photograph of a website video of a phone.
a woman is on the sidewalk with a map
A great view of a street in the picture.  

a man in glasses showing a small phone
Cell phone in the dark, displaying an image.
A cell phone broken into multiple pieces in the street.
A woman sitting in a seat is talking on her cell phone while watching a baseball game.
A man talking on a cell phone in a crowd  plugs his other ear.
The man sits at the library table in front of the laptop.
A woman sitting on a beach taking a picture of a number of kites
A girl checks her phone in a vehicle inside a parking lot.
Two people standing together and accessing their phones during a party
A large group of people at a table.
A man wearing a tie with a big smile on his face as he hold a mobile phone.
A man talks on a telephone near a car.
A woman is walking down a city street holding a cell phone.
People walking down a sidewalk along side a wrought-iron fence next to a park
A man holding a tennis racquet on a  tennis court.
An old woman checking her phone on a park bench
The police stand guard at a crowded event.
A woman is sitting down and talking on a cell phone.
a samsung phone being removed from the pocket
a blue brick building with a man leaning on it
A person holding a cell phone in their hand.
A woman sits on a bench in a park.
A hand holding a cellphone with a laptop in the background.
A dog sitting on the bed with a phone and pen.
A crowded arena filled with people and confetti.
A woman looks down at her cell phone as she dials a number. 
there is a woman with black hair talking on the phone
A desk with a keyboard, monitor, and laptop sitting on it. 
A SANDWICH A CELL PHONE AND A PASSPORT 
a toilet a man in a blue shirt a mirror and sink
The man talks on a cell phone far from three others sitting on a blanket.
A computer chair sitting in front of an office desk.
Young man laying near the water looking at his cell phone.
Group of young adults sitting at a table and reading newspapers.
A person near a large screen with others at a long table.
A group of people sitting around a table eating food.
A man wearing sunglasses and a Black Label t-shirt is holding a cell phone to his left ear and a drink to his right ear.
Three people are standing in the same kitchen area.
A woman with purple hair standing in front of a mirror
a well arranged room as an meeting room
A group of people walking around a parking lot.
A man standing behind and closely to a woman he is talking to
A man sitting at a desk with a phone in hand.
A policeman on a motorcycle driving through a village.
A man is lying in the grass and holding something in his hand.
A woman is talking on her cell phone.
a MAN WITH FIVE CELL PHONES AND A GUN. 
an image of boy on a laptop with messy room
There is a keyboard, mouse, monitor, speaker, and phone on the desk.
A lady talking on the phone while holding her bicycle
A person on a mobile phone, holding his hand against his stomach.
an image of a man on a bridge talking on a cellphone
A man with glasses, leaning against a table that has a robot made with a cellular phone on it.
A person pressing buttons on a phone in their hand.
Some men and women in white shirts and bow ties standing in a row.
Two woman stand and text on their cellphones. 
A woman holding a colorful umbrella next to a child.
A young woman sits at a picnic table with her laptop.
The cat just noticed the phones sitting on its back.
A person is holding up a smart phone at a concert
A man and woman back to back taking photos of the view 
A mobile phone standing upright next to a small jesus statue
A man standing on a tennis court holding a racket.
A man sits in front of a laptop with his cell phone.
A little girl sitting in a chair holding a phone.
A barbeque beef sandwich served with waffle fries.
A man next to a cell phone with two people on the screen.
A man sitting at a dinner table holding his cell phone.
A woman sitting at a desk in a room with a laptop, monitor, and microphone.
The older man is fascinated with the small cellular phone.
THERE IS A MAN THAT IS HOLDING AN ELECTRONIC DEVIE IN HAND
A woman checks her cell phone outside of a building.
the laptop and other computer equipment are on the table of the dimmed room.
A woman talking on a phone on a hospital bed.
There are two men conversing on cell phones, with one of them drinking.
A bed next to a suit case filled with clothes on a floor.
A man is urinating in the bathroom of a bar.
A man is standing with a pillow over his head.
A girl is talking on the phone in public

a black and white dog is herding some white animals
Pineapple slice, cord and simple red digital camera.
A monitor, keyboard, mouse and speakers on a desk.
A woman is standing in the ocean and talking on her phone.
a person in a dress on a beach 
A woman on a stabilized bike in a lot area.
A group of people walking down a street while holding umbrellas.
a table with a laptop and remote controls
A man having a proper cup of tea and a bun while a little girl licks icing from her fingers.
A man using his smart phone while sitting on the ground at a park with a crowd of people.
A man with blonde hair is on his phone, sitting on the couch. 
A baby sitting on a picnic blanket in a park holding a cellphone.
A close up of a fuzzy bunny cell phone holder with a phone in it.
A group of athletes celebrating with a cake
A lady sits at a fountain with her bag. 
A red double decker bus driving past a traffic light surrounded by people.
a person bends down to put air into a car tire 
The woman is wearing her bathing suit top while talking on her cell phone. 
A man holding multiple long skinny balloons around his head while talking on a cellular phone.
Two women are sitting outside and looking at a phone.
The man wearing  the animal puppet makes it cut the boy's birthday cake.
Person with a laptop sitting on a living room couch. 
People in hats and sunglasses are standing in the water near a plane.
A child in a park chewing on a cell phone.
A man is standing in a cluttered living room.
A guy with glasses in a chef outfit chopping up vegetables.
A woman dressed up as wonder woman and her dog dressed as superman.
A desk that is cluttered and has two laptop screens.
A man dressed in a suit against a red background.
A woman takes a selfie with her phone in the bathroom mirror.
A women who is on her cell phone outside.
A person holds a mobile device on a city street.
A cell phone balanced on top of a Gatorade bottle.
A girl who is sitting in a chair in front of a computer.
A group of people walking down a street near a sidewalk.
A man and dog sleeping in a bed covered by a blanket. 
A phone with an app running sits on top of a box of doughnuts.
Someone is displaying a colorful pinstripe wallpaper on a cell phone.
A group of people sitting at a table.
A woman talking on her cell phone at night.
A cellphone and other device on a wooden surface.
A phone is on a charger on a white stool.
A baseball player hits the ball as the crowd watches
A close shot of some playing a game on their cell phone. 
Scantily clad woman taking photos with a cellphone.
A man taking a picture of a large swan
a bathroom with a tub a toilet and a stand up shower
A man sitting on a concrete post, talking on a cell phone.
A large group surrounding a bride and groom.
A man brushing his teeth and taking a cell phone photo.
A cat sitting on a desk next to a laptop, computer and a chair.
A woman plugs one ear in order to hear her cell phone.
A man covers his ears with his hands as he stands outside a store
Two men smoking and talking on cell phones on a bench outside a building 
A man in a suit is standing in the midst of many other people.
a man in a suit taking a selfie in a bathroom 
a young female with long hair wearing a bright colored custome
A lady rides a buggy with passenger in tow
two people walking on a street talking on a cell phone
Two men stand on a field with baseball bats.
A desk with two laptops, two computers, headphones and a cell phone. 
A small table with four cell phones in front of a display of trophies.
The desk has two drinks and a small computer on it.
A man standing next to a car with a cellphone.
A little girl that are standing near a chair.
A man talking on a phone while wearing a hat.
A man holds a cell phone to his ear.
Two men on a boat with life jackets on.
A young girl sitting in her bed with a laptop on her lap, talking on a phone.
a person looking for directions on a cell phone 
9 bottle caps laying in front of a phone.
Luggage being collected or loaded into an airplane. 
a man on a phone and two little girls playing a video game
A room with furniture and a wooden door.
A woman in uniform cuts a cake with a sword.
A girl plays Wii bowling while several boys cheer her on.
A single sink bathroom counter with light and mirror
A little league batter await a pitch at home plate.
a couple of bikes parked next to two people standing around
A guy is smiling while standing on the grass.
People taking photos of a costumed man and young boy riding a decorated horse
A group of people wearing skis posing on a snowy slope.
Playing on a small laptop and a phone at the same time is not recommended
A table has medical supplies sitting on it.
A couple of men laying on top of a couch cuddling.
two people talking on an old cell phone
a black and white photo of a person in the foreground
A man in colonial attire talking on a cellphone.
Man clinging to his cellphone while sitting in the car.
Several people feeding a giraffe from a pink bucket.
A man in spandex is holding up skiis and poles.
A man with a bar-code tattooed to the back of his head.
A beautiful young blond talking on a cell phone.
All of the people are sitting in the room together.
A smart phone sitting on a table next to a bowl of oranges.
A person holds a cell phone that is switched off.
A man sitting at a table as he stares at his mobile phone.
A photo-shopped picture of a man standing in a bathroom.
An assortment of fruit and pastries are on a table cluttered with dishes.
a bunch of photos of people looking at cell phones
a table with a phone sitting on a mouse pad next to a monitor
A woman sitting on the floor near a table
Various keys, cellphones, a wallet and some change lying around.
A young woman and a dog set in front of a shrine.
A man and woman with blue shirts and bicycles on a sidewalk.
Adult man standing under umbrella on rainy day looking at cell phone.
The wooden table has many electronics including cell phones, and a laptop.
A group of people sit at a table with food.
A crosswalk that is giving the signal that it is okay to cross. 
A couple of people that are sitting around.
A plastic cup is full of candy is next to a laptop and smartphone.
A happy Asian gentlemen who is traveling with luggage. 
Pictures with various shades of green are arranged in a grid pattern.
Two ladies are sitting on their laptops at the table and one of them is on their phone. 
A person holding their flip phone up in front of a computer.
Fashionable young woman talking on her cell phone
A woman in a brown sweater holding a phone.
Mirror reflection of a couple eating pizza at the table
A person holds a digital camera in front of a display of cameras.
A man walking down a snowy rural area, with benches in the back.
A blue and silver cell phone with an accessory.
the contents of a bag laying organized on the floor 
a table full of electronic items sitting neatly side by side
A man is skateboarding and holding something in his hand. 
The woman sits holding a cup of coffee at a table with pastries on it.
A group of people sitting at tables in a room.
a person holding a cell phone in a crowd of people
A couple dressed to be married are pretending to talk on cell phones. 
A person sitting on concrete in front of a building, talking on cellphone.
One small laptop and one larger laptop on a table.
A person lying their arm on the ground with a cell phone in hand.
People stand on the railing of a boat traveling on water outside a city. 
a train being operated on train tracks with trees in the background
A wallet, MP3 player, headphones, change, cellphone, flash drive, mascara, pencil, bracelets, keys, and handbag sit on a bed in front of a laptop.
A cup of coffee near a phone and headset.
Here is a soul in the symbol/picture alone.

A long table with a bunch of laptops on it.
A group of people on a bus with a card reader.
a toilet seat decorated with several peoples faces
A bed with a white frame and headboard.
a man is taking a selfie in the mirror
man with teddy bears strapped to his chest
a cat laying down in the middle of a suitcase 
A cheesy pizza is cut into slices on a plate.
Many accessories lying on a purple blanket in the floor. 
A man in a red sweater chats on the phone near a fence.
An man sitting at a bench talking on the phone next to a standing man also on the phone.
People taking pictures on cell phones at event.
The mom is sitting at the table with her children. 
the american president is giving a speech to a crowd
Woman texting on cell phone walking down sidewalk by large red fire hydrant.
A woman on a phone carrying a camera and a man in a suit walking behind her.
Motorola cellular phone leaning against a computer keyboard.
Two people are holding a baby by a table with cakes on it.
A man and a woman standing next to each other talking. 
a person smiling holding two old cell phones
A person holding up a colorful flowery phone.
A flamboyant man wearing a tight green marching band uniform.
A man on a boat is using a flip phone.
A little girl laying down on a bed.
The people are all eating at the restaurant.
A picture of a man on a video screen with keyboard, mouse and a digital gage that reads 209 in front.
Someone who is holding a device that hooks up to a computer.
A laptop computer, a computer screen and a mouse
A woman riding her bike down a farm road.
A person reads the menu at a table of a restaurant with many objects on the table, including a bright yellow mug and saucer.
Three people sitting at a table, two with laptops and the other writing on paper.
A dek with a laptop, a mouse, some notes, and a drink.
Four friends are holding the same model of cell phone.
A woman holding a cell phone to her ear. 
A sign hangs on the wall of a restaurant.
A person using their cell phone sitting outside
Two young men looking at something on a cell phone.
Two guys at a party drinking and texting on their phone.
A group of friends siting at a table enjoying pizza.
people standing around a table filled with some plates of food 
A woman is talking on the phone at a baseball game
Oriental women in costumes with onlookers nearby in outdoor walkway.
boy on a skateboard dropping into a bowl. 
A man using his cellphone with three people looking on.
Two men talking, one on a scooter and one on a skateboard.
A man talking on a phone wearing sun glasses.
Two women standing on a beach by the ocean.
The crowd of people are gathered in front of the building. 
People are on a sidewalk with parking meters.
The people are taking a selfie together with a cell phone. 
Someone holds a phone in her hand resting on her pinky finger
A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.
A man with sunglasses holds his cellphone to his ear.
A man sitting at a table with a plate and a beer at a restaurant. 
A showcase displays several different color options of the same cell phone.
a couple of monitors are on a wood desk
A bunch of twentys underneath a celll phone
A person's hand holding a cellphone displaying a man.
These cell phones both have display screens that are blue.
a man in a hat with a beard on a phone
A man holding a giant slice of cheese pizza.
A guy that is using his cell phone while in a park.
there is a man sitting on the train sleeping
a close up of a person using a cell phone 
A group of people sitting at tables outside of building.
A man making silly face and holding a silver flip cellphone.
Computer screen with the keyboard and printer sitting next to it. 
some people with cameras some standing and others are sitting
A man is talking to talking to someone on his Bluetooth headset and holding a piece of papers.
A variety of items including books, food and a bag.
The people are playing a video game demonstration int he store.
A baby fast asleep holding a cell phone.
a close up of a person sitting on a field with a cell phone
The kitchen should be cleaned up before we use it. 
Multiple people are standing in a closed in area.
A man and a girl are looking at papers on a table.
A young man rides a bike with no hands while talking on a phone.
A woman with a cold drink is staring at a laptop.
A woman holding up a cell phone in front of her face.
An older Asian couple dressed in red and blue play Wii in a living area.
A woman laughs as she looks at someone's cell phone.
a barefoot woman in shorts and a red tank top is talking on her cell phone
Two men are watching a giraffe while one takes a picture.
A crowd of people are moving around as a man in devil costume comes through.
a female talking on her cellphone and two males behind her
A crowd of people stand in a room while several look at their cellphones and share their cell phones with others as well.
Three different cell phones on an old table
A group of people sit with their computers on their laps.
A cat stands near a box of pizza on the floor. 
Three children put their heads to the ground as a dog jumps over them.
Military men and young boys stand behind a table with a cake. 
A man sitting down with ear phones on using his cell phone. 
an image of various items set out on a table
A group of guys sitting at a table.
Everything that goes in a briefcase, keys, cell phone, change bag and eye glasses.
A man in a store holds his phone up.
A wood table topped with a candle and computer.
A couple of men on bleachers looking at their phones.
People are standing next to a grated area in the rain.
A man in glasses is outside on a cell phone.
A group of people sitting at a dinner table.
A Young boy is lounging on a couch holding a piece of electronic equipment to his chest.
A man who is looking at his cell phone.
A man on a couch talking on a cordless telephone
The young woman is holding an infant in the kitchen.
People in the luggage claim area of an airport.
A women and man are sitting at a table preparing food while the women is talking on the cell phone while she is pouring water in a cup.
A person standing on the side of a train traveling down tracks.
A group of people are sitting together at a table.
The girl is decorating the cake in the kitchen.
A group of people all hold their smart phones close together.
The man is talking on the phone while in the bar.
A woman is on her cell phone while two other women and a man stare at her as they all sit on a bench.
A desk with two laptops, a computer monitor and a telephone.
An old woman is smiling and looking at a cell phone.
A desk with a computer, telephone and speakers on it. 
A woman sitting on a train next to a window at night.
Two people are on the grass with a laptop.
A man holding a smart phone in front of his face.
a small toy bear is sitting on a cake
The computer monitor on the desk has speakers on each side of it.
A man and a woman looking at their cell phones.
Young man using binoculars to look at himself in a bathroom mirror.
An iPhone with muscular arms smiles at a flip phone.
Man with backpack and skateboard on bench in terminal
A man in a blue coat on a cell phone.
A man in white shirt and blue apron on a cellphone.
A man walking towards a curb when a bus is passing by. 
A chef in a uniform talking on a cell phone.
A couple of twin beds pushed up against each other.
A couple of men standing next to each other.
A man squinting at the display on his cell phone.
A group of smart phones sitting on top of a wooden table.
Group of children wearing blue outfits walking next to each other. 
Man with glasses talking on cell phone in car
A man in jeans jacket and hat talking on cell phone wearing boot and resting on crutches
three people sitting on a couch and they all have a laptop
Older woman holding plastic bag in checking phone in public area.
A group of students sitting at cafeteria tables.
A man holds the reins of a horse pulling his carriage. 
A desk with a computer on it in front of a window 
A group of children in a crowded field taking pictures.
A man on a boat uses his flip phone while using a rosary
a young woman cuts up some food on a trey 
A crowd of people standing next to each other with luggage.
A woman in a bikini sitting on a lawn chair.
A woman on her cell phone with two pizzas on the table.
Several graduates call friends and family on cell phones. 
A man blowing out the candles on a birthday cake
Man with goatee looking at information on smart phone
A person sends a text message on their phone.
A woman with long purple hair takes a selfie with her cell phone.
A man sits on a ledge with a phone in his hands.
Two women sit at a table as a young man looks on.
some phones on a wooden table and a laptop
A woman is working on a craft project at her desk. 
A train driving under a bridge and beside a platform with people waiting.
A man talking on a cell phone holding a paper.
A crowd of young people at an event taking pictures with cell phones.
Two women standing next to each other looking at a phone.
a young man lying on the floor and talking on a cell ohone
a couple of bikes sitting next to a building
A woman in short shorts standing next to a young man.
A group of people have dinner in a restaurant.
A horse drawn carriage driving in the street.
A cell phone near book and portable music player on a desk.
A girl with glasses smiles while talking on the phone.
Black and white image of a man smoking a cigarette while talking on a phone.
a man using a laptop at the dining table
A man taking a picture of himself and a woman on his cellphone camera.
She watches out the train window as the scenery flies by. 
a person sitting on a ledge outside of a building
A woman is leaning against a post and using a smartphone at a subway station.
Many people stand near the brown showcase truck.
A baby putting a cell phone in its mouth. 
some people sitting around a laptop and looking at what is on the screen
A computer desk with both a laptop and a desktop computer. 
an elderly woman holding hands with a young child walking on a street
A man taking a selfie in an old looking mirror.
A couple of people that are eating some food.
A black and white photo of several high school kids sitting around.
a group of people playing a game of frisbe 
a couple of phones that are next to each other
A man talking on a cell phone ina crowded room.
A laptop and a home computer on a desk.
Two women sit at a table looking at their laptops.
A typical living room with all the furnishings.
The music player is displaying the cover of the album.
A woman sitting down while talking on a cell phone.
A breakfast quiche slice with tomatoes and other foods.
Three people on their cell phones in black and white
Man wearing a sun hat talking on a cell phone while walking through a street fair.
A man using his cell phone takes a photograph on public transportation. 
A dining room table with a laptop, teddy bears and a bag. 
a pair of people with eye glasses holding cell phones
Two men seated at a table at a diner about to eat pizza.
Riders sit in the dark on a public transit
Two ladies stand to check something on a dellphone
An open bag of chips and some remote controls.
A woman smiles as she holds a lemon over a plate of fish.
A large living room with some very nice furniture.
A laptop on top of a table in a room.
Image of a smartphone being consulted in front of a laptop.
Person is walking & talking on the phone
A close up of a flip cell phone on a table.
Two men on cellphones standing above a river.
A woman sits with a computer in her lap.
Two calculators sitting on a table in front of a laptop.
girl at a restaurant table loaded with food
An image of a lap top and a computer on the desk
Man of person wearing blue jeans pressing buttons on a phone.
a female in a black jacket is holding a dog and a cellphone
some dishes sitting next to a sink on a rag
Several people standing on a double decker bus waving.
a case with some markers sitting on a wooden table 
A man in a green jacket talking on a cell phone. 
Meat and vegetables are in a white bowl.
A man puts his phone in his hand.
A person with gloves, wearing a sash and holding an umbrella
A bus with its doors open on a street a night.
A eoman takes a picture of herself in front of a city police station.
A woman standing next to a sign that is advertising a zine library.
Many men wearing vests and riding motorcycles in a parade.
A man used a mobile phone outdoors while he watches two people  and a parked vehicle nearby.
A dog looking through the blinds in a dining room
A cooked pizza that has been set on a table.
The LA Kings wave to bystanders from the open top of their 2012 tour bus.
A man talking on his cell phone in a cubicle 
A beautiful woman holding a phone standing next to a  man.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
A man in a suit holding a cell phone next to cell phone packaging.
Two men are sitting at a table on their cell phones.
A man reads a menu on a patio near the ocean.
A desk with a computer and very large speakers.
A man taking a photo of the sky amongst his happy family
Small black kitten laying its head down on a controller. 
A tall man is sitting on his car on the phone.
An untidy desk with a laptop computer, printer, and various related items and papers.
Elephant standing in an exhibit behind a fence with a park keeper.
A man reads a text on his cell phone. 
A man talking on a cell phone next to a statue.
A man dressed up as Elvis is talking on his cellular. 
A woman holding a smart device in her hands.
two males and a drink a laptop and a cellphone
A crocheted striped pouch containing a cell phone.
A girl in thigh high stockings with her hand on her thigh.
A group of people are outside at night using their cell phones.
A group of people in costumes gather outside a building.
A movie featuring a young girl plays on a phone screen. 
A group of young people sitting at a tale with a piece of open luggage.
A young woman uses her phone while hugging her pillow.
A person takes a picture with their cell phone.
A crouched man, hand on a horse's snout, looks at a cell phone.
A cat is lying on the desk and looking at the camera adorably. 
A cup of coffee and a cell phone on a table.
two boys playing with a phone next to a man
A woman taking a phone call at her desk.
The breakfast setup includes pancakes with a cherry.
a desk that has some computers on it
People standing and walking around at a graduation.
A newly wed bride walking near her groom.
The old man is talking on the phone.
A girl sitting and playing with a phone.
A young girl is holding a calculator and putting something green in her mouth.
A group of people seated at a long table at a restaurant.
an image of books and other electronics on the table
A few people stand on a sidewalk looking at their cell phones.
Men on their cellphones while standing on a platform as a train goes by.
A man sitting on a black and yellow bench on the phone.
a group of people walk down a street 
A man holding a phone and a beer standing in a room full of other men. 
A child uses a cell phone plugged into a charger.
A desk with a laptop, rotary phone and clock.
A metal statue of a person riding a bicycle on wooden counter.
A man and woman with dogs on a dirt area next to water.
A wooden desk has three computers on it
some women are standing outside with umbrellas over them
A woman raises her hand holding a cell phone
a laptop computer open with a cell phone and camera sitting on it
The angry man is upset with the message left on his cell phone.
A personal computer and a laptop are sitting on a desk with a few books.
A young girl is holding the reins to a small horse.
Young males using camera phones to take photos.
A beautiful woman standing next to a man with a cell phone.
A man in brown jacket sitting next to box of donuts.
a brown wooden table and a silver cellphone and another device
A woman holding a smart phone while wearing sun glasses.
A girl relaxing, doing some work or reading on a laptop.
An open lap top computer on a wooden corner desk.
A woman is holding a cellphone up in the air
a male in a white shirt talking on a cellphone
A woman using her cell phone to take a picture of some flowers.
Two women are sitting on a bus and one of them is on the phone.
A workstation complete with anything one might need.
two girls sitting on some grass are looking at their cellphones
Women with very small swimsuits pose and talk on the phone.
a airplane that is on a brown desk
A woman riding roller blades talking on a phone.
a woman wearing a purple jacket her laptop and bicycle
A young woman sitting on a bed using a laptop
a man riding a colorful motorcycle down the road 
A woman talking and smiling on the phone.
a coin purse with a orange peel sitting next to it
A woman walking down a sidewalk with a cell phone next to her ear.
there is a man and a woman sitting on the back of the bus
a lady walking with a handbag and while holding her phone
A man takes a photo of a framed photograph with his phone.
large family celebrating a birthday at the dinner table
A jockey riding a horse while holding a whip in his mouth.
A man holding up a cell phone to take a picture.
Woman sitting in a chair holds up her phone in front of her. 
Two pieces of pie are on a wooden table.
a table that has a couple of computers on it
A girl reads a funny message on her cell phone.
A woman talking on a cell phone while walking down the street 
There is a person sitting on a cell phone near a pizza.
A hand holding a cell phone in front of a flower.
There are many people walking in the streets with their umbrella up. 
A small pizza sits in the middle of a table.
A group of people sitting around a table with glasses of wine.
A woman with glasses is talking on a cordless phone. 
A person is typing on a computer keyboard.
A pregnant woman taking a selfie in a mirror.
a small baby is biting into some food
A picture of a cell phone showing the time as 8:56 PM.
A woman is talking on a cell phone outside. 
A woman on a cell phone sitting next to a man on a bench.
The city bus is traveling down the road with its passengers.
A black and white photo of a man talking on a cell phone next to a bench.
A wooden floor with laptop, cellphone and a messenger bag.
A cat sits on top of a computer on a table.
A baby crawls on a laptop computer sitting on a couch.
A man holding a mug decorated with a pirate skull and crossbones taking a picture of himself in a mirror.
An open laptop computer sitting on a  desk next to a mouse.
A cluttered living room with stuff on the floor
Several cameramen and spectators in a city with police walking by.
A woman is walking down the street while talking on the phone.
A man and a woman preparing chicken on an outdoor grill.
The thoughtful man holds an umbrella over the woman while she checks her phone.
Keys, Camera, Wallet, Pen, Phone and SD Card
A cell phone is plugged in and charging.
Several people are riding a brown elephant at a circus.
A close up of a man on a cell phone.
A smart phone sitting on top of a table.
A bed with messed up bedding and a computer on it.
A person that is on their cell phone.
A man standing in ski gear looking at a cell phone in his hand.
A group of people on a beach with an umbrella.
A displayed text message on a black cell phone.
An open white phone sits on a surface by a mirror.
A small desk with a laptop displaying the logo for Flickr.com
A man is on a public phone near a public bench.
Woman smiling on cell phone in black and white photo
A long desk has two computers on it.
The green in the light green shirt is looking at her cell phone.
A couple poses for a picture while another man takes it for them.
The woman talks on her cell phone while in the car.
A woman standing in a kitchen looking at and touching her phone.
A man posing in his underwear with a tennis racket.
Small television screen with a brown hat sitting on top of it. 
A woman rolling her luggage in the train station.
Young men are kicking soccer balls around with a crowd watching.
a woman standing by a window while talking on the phone 
The computer desk is arranged neatly with electronics.
A person using a table pc with their finger.
A person takes a photo in a bathroom with a penguin-themed shower curtain.
A group of smiling people standing around a table laid out with cakes and candy. 
A laptop sitting on top of a bed.
The party attendees are wearing dress clothes appropriate for the grand venue.
People are sitting close together on a public transportation.
a woman holding a cell phone up to the side of her head
A man with long hair in the city riding on a skateboard. 
A young person holding up a cell phone to a computer screen.
Group of men drinking together in a bar. 
Three cell phones on a table, one with a cover.
Man cell phones are on display in a store. 
A person has taken a picture of their phone. 
A pink cell phone is shown next to a tree.
A walking down a side walking talking on a telephone.
A MAN IS TALKING ON THE PHONE SMILING 
Double beds in a room at the Legend Hotel. 
there is a man sitting down in front of many glass cases
A person is standing in a mirror looking at a cell phone.
A man in a public subway train using his cell phone.
All of the men in yellow are getting ready to take off.
People gathered together at a table eating cake .
A man leaning against a pole near a bench.
A person observing some people on a camera.
A man and a woman eating a meal while being watched by onlookers.
A group of people sitting around a table working on papers.
The pastry on the table is next to a cup of coffee.
a small child sitting at the table wearing a neck tie
a male is holding and typing on a cellphone
A man is wearing a hat with a ponytail while on the phone.
Two women taking photos with their digital cameras.
Person sitting on top of a red couch holding a beer in their hand. 
A black and white photo of people sitting on the bench. 
2 girls laughing while one holds a telephone 
A man and a woman sit at a table with plates of food and glasses.
A crowd of people are gather in an indoor mall.
An iPod is charging on a desk with the ear buds laying close by
A woman smiles as she talks on the phone.
Two lap top computers that have been set next to each other.
a woman talking on a cell phone while holding a starbucks drink in the other hand
There is a laptop computer on a table, along with a soda, chips, and a hot dog.
a very large crowd of people sitting in chairs at tables
A group of men seated at a dining tale to enjoy a meal.
A woman on the beach using a phone
A woman with her hand to her face on the train
A man sis with his head in his hands with a cell phone to his ear.
A man is checking the time as he walks through a town square.
a woman looking over her shoulder as she talks on her cellphone
flour people on a corner all using their cell phones
People walk down a pedestrian street on a sunny day.
A young man and woman sitting at a computer.
A person sitting on a bench talking on their cellphone.
A group of people in ethnic farm with luggage on a street.
A man in a car is holding a cell phone.
A woman talking on her cellphone while riding her bicycle down the side of the street.
A woman in a dress crossing a street.
Two computers and a digital camera are on a desk.
One woman at the window of a food truck while another woman looks at the menu.
A yellow and gray and yellow Cockatoo standing on a glass of water.
A small work area with a desk and shelves and a computer.
Woman on a Kitchen counter on the phone with paint.
a woman with a furry hat using two cell phones at once
A phone wearing glasses on a brown table.
A man on a cellphone trying to troubleshoot his three microwave setup. 
a train on a train station and people walking near by
Two Asian boys standing around looking at a video camera 
A man sitting on the couch raising his hand.
The carry-on bag holds many essentials, such as an umbrella, toiletries, and some books.
A man in military uniform looking at his phone.
Geisha in kimono on cell phone with flower in hair.
A desk and chair with two computer monitors on the desk.
An older man uses a cell phone outside of a window.
People are walking on a sidewalk, enjoying a nice day.
A person taking a photo with a cell phone.
A woman in a park is using her cellphone.
The man is smiling while talking on a cell phone.
a white cat sleeping on  some papers on a table
A man looks at what he is currently holding in his hand.
A girl showing parrots to a group of children
Three people sit around a table with pizza.
A man sitting on the grass with his shoes off talking on his phone.
A woman with a black purse and a bath tub.
A man poses for a photo in front of the bridge.
The man looks at a cell phone with an unlit cigarette in his mouth.
A man sitting in a red chair with his shoes off.
several teens in a concrete area one looks as though he is preparing to dance 

A woman with a handbag holding up a cell phone.
Man talking on his Iphone while walking on a city side area.
A desk with a cellphone, keyboard and two computer monitors.
A woman that has a cellphone in her waist.
Happy woman holding a cell phone next to a cobblestone street.
Three people standing together with cell phones in their hands. 
A well dressed business man with two cellphones
People and animals are riding motorcycles and in trailers.
A young man skateboards past a walking crowd of people.
 A woman texting on a phone waiting at a LA kings game.
A women holding a red suitcase that has wheels.
A woman is sitting down and looking at something on her cell phone.
Small bedroom with a small bed, a lamp, and small window. 
A woman in a black and white dress stands.
A desk with a laptop, a desktop monitor and a printer.
An old Motorola phone taken apart for viewing
A man sitting at a table with an open laptop computer.
A group of people taking photographs with cellphones.
A man with a navy blue shirt and blue jeans on talking on a phone.
A living room with a grey couch and computer desk.
A mouse, keyboard and an ipod on the table
a man with beer or wine smiles at the camera
A person wearing a jacket holding an umbrella and cellphone.
The kitchen is opened near the island covered with cleaning supplies. 
A young woman talks on a cell phone as she stands in a snowy field.
Someone adding spices to a meat dish in a frying pan
A smart phone is charging next to a laptop computer. 
A cat with a remote control, a smart phone and a few other items on it's back.
A bus waits for a person to board it on the street. 
A man in a bathroom holding up a cell phone and smiling.
 a table containing three electronics and a banana
A woman holding a phone up to the side of her head.
A monk dressed in black looking at a device.
A couple prepares to cut their wedding cake.
A food stand in an open market has trays of food.
A women that is cutting up food in half.
A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.
Three screens with Johnny Depp in image with white wall
A woman sits on a window ledge while talking on the phone.
A cell phone has been placed on a pile of empty nut shells and straws.
there is a red blackberry phone shown here
A man that is sitting down on the floor, close to a laptop.
Desk workspace with modern monitor and two keyboards.
Fisheye photograph of a room with a bicycle and desk.
A living room area with a couch, loveseat, table and small bookcase in the center of the room.
A woman is sitting on a stone bench by a statue.
This photo depicts a Wii controller standing up.
Large, colorful den with massive pillows, couches, and chairs with dog lying on the floor.
Many people are sitting around a table with laptops.
A desk with multiple computers on it in a room. 
A group of people are standing outdoors hanging out with one another. 
Woamn looking at a extended flip phone cellphone.
A boy and a woman sitting with a laptop between them.
A woman loooking down with a dress on and ear phones in her ears.
a man with a phone up to his ear 
A couple of men are using electronic devices
A man is getting ready to begin eating
A wooden table with a laptop computer and a mouse.
a little girl trying to grab a toy out of an older boys hand
A woman looking down at her cell phone.
A lady sitting on green chairs talking on her cell phone.
A woman runs through the water at the beach.
A woman in brown jacket talking on a cellphone.
A laptop computer with an external monitor on a very neat desk.
A man in a party hat sits at a table talking on a cell phone.
Three young men looking a a cell phone indoors.
A group of monks sitting around a table of food.
This woman is talking on her cell phone near several motorcycles.
A man with sunglasses on talking on his cell phone.
A woman looking at a cellphone on a sidewalk filled with people near a train.
A young person sits on some steps answering a phone at the end of a long hallway.
A computer sits on a desk with two chairs.
Somebody's hand holding up a flip phone in front of somebody.
Three children sitting in the grass showing their toy cell phones.
a women standing outside with a pink phone
Asian man in glasses holding two colorful mobile phone cases
A man playing Wii bowling in front of a television.
People standing outside on a patio having a conversation.
Two people taking a cell phone picture at the same time.
A woman on a cell phone at a station.
People are standing around and looking at Zebra statues.
A baseball player getting ready to swing the bat at a baseball game.
The person is working on the computer live. 
Several people sitting on benches and walking through a common area
an unmade bed with a cat sitting on it
There are several books lying on a bed.
A woman sitting at a table speaks on the phone
two children at a table with laptop 
A couch, coffee table, book stand, lamp and photos on the wall.
A group of people are sitting at a table with wine glasses, plates and crackers.
a desk with more than one computer on it 
Two women on a Ferris wheel taking a picture of themselves.  
A family sitting at a table eating a meal 
A woman standing in front of a mirror with her cell phone.
A woman holds up an electronic cigarette underneath an umbrella. 
A person sitting in front of a computer in a cubicle.
Three people looking at their cell phones and one person holding a camera. 
The man is talking on his phone as he sits in his buggy.
a man checking his cell phone while riding a bike
A bed inside a bedroom next to a nightstand.
A busy city street with a woman talking on her cell phone 
A woman walking down a street while wearing a dress.
A man wearing eyeglasses, a scarf, and tie on a mobile phone.
A filtered photo of a phone and coffee mug is shown.
THERE IS A MAN THAT IS TALKING ON THE TELEPHONE
Group of adults sitting in grassy area eating pizza and consuming beverages.
An elderly man is using a laptop computer at a desk. 
A woman in a pinkish dress walks while looking at her phone.
A man is taking a picture of a painting displayed on a wall.
Four people on a sailboat one is on the phone and three are sunbathing.
some pancakes are on a paper plate next to other foods
The man smiles with a young boy near a woman posing with a girl. 
A table topped with plates of food and drinks.
A woman smiles for a picture while on the phone.
The woman is walking with a child wearing similar jackets.
an ipod a cell phone a calculator and mints
A hipster taking a pic of himself in an elevator mirror.
A man is surrounded by people in the street. 
A Nationals baseball player swings the bat at a pitch.  
A dog sitting at a table in front of a plate
A woman talking on a cell phone wearing a green sweater.
A notepad that is sitting in front of a few computers.
Steve Jobs holds up a device at a speaking event. 
There is a man diving for a frisbee in front of a crowd of people.
a man blowing out candles on a cake.
A living room has floral designs and a balloon.
A man doing a wheelie on a motorcycle with a group of people standing and sitting in the audience area.
A guy is taking a picture of himself holding a phone.
The woman in the mirror is taking a picture of herself and the dog.
A pair of people stare at a phone in amazement.
The tennis player poses for a photo for a fan in the crowd.
Girl petting a sheep while someone else is taking a photo
A woman using her cellphone on a couch. 
A white plate topped with a hamburger and a pickle.
A young woman taking a picture with her phone.
A woman walking along a train loading platform.
A couple laugh while he talks on a cell phone.
a living room with some black furniture and a colorful rug 
A collection of old cell phones sit on the edge of a couch.
A television, laptop and cell phone all showing various images. 
A desk with two computers and two keyboards
A smiling woman talking on a flip phone
A phone lies on the counter in a modern kitchen.
A group of hot women standing in front of a table.
A woman holding a cell phone while looking very beautiful.
A young lady holding a new cellphone in her hand.
A woman riding a bicycle holds a mobile phone to her ear.
People are standing with suitcases and boarding a train.
A bowl of dessert is sitting next to a cell phone.
a woman has her picture taken while in the restaurant
A person with their hand on their hip using a phone
a car on a city road with a person in the car with a multi colored umbrella
A lady with a dog is talking to a lady and man.
A group of people working on laptop computers
A laptop connected to an Apple computer monitor.
A cake is siting on a table near a man and woman. 
many cars on a city street with people standing near by
Two men on bikes at the street corner.
A refrigerator and a stove in a kitchen
A hot dog with pickles and mustard on it.
A cell phone is open and next to a fork.
A person holding up papers while sitting at a table.
A man on a phone on a ddr pad
A man and woman enjoy a cup of coffee while walking their dog.
a person squatting down operating a cell phone
A person singing into a microphone while holding up a cell phone.
A batter prepares to step up to bat.
There's a stuffed bear sitting on a table
THERE IS A PICTURE OF THE LIVING ROOM 
An Apple computer on a cluttered desk with a PSP.
A guy sitting in a car talking on a cell phone. 
A cat sitting on the keyboard of a computer 
A guy and a woman walking while the guy is on the phone.
A cat is lying on a chair next to a remote control and cell phone.
Audience at a circus taking pictures of an elephant.
People in a station watch a train pass
Man wearing a green hoodie talking on his cellphone. 
A man holding a glass and cellphone in red lit room.
A desk with two computer monitors is seen in a bedroom.
Two men are standing up playing a video game.
A picture of laptop with a reflection of a stereo on the screen.
Two men standing near an open bus door.
Room being remodeled and lots of tools on the floor.
A large crowd walks around in the rain with few under umbrellas.
A girl on a horse in the street. 
An Apple device is sticking out of a person's pocket. 
a woman sitting on a couch holding a smart phone.
a phone that is laying on some kind of pad
A vendor at a produce market talks on her cell phone behind displays of fruit.
A woman makes a gesture while posing for a photograph.
A woman in a green shirt taking a photo with her flip phone.
Two women feeding a giraffe from behind a white gate.
A home computer and keyboard on a desk.
a man texts with his small spart phone
A desk with a laptop, cell phone and assorted office material.
Several women are standing under umbrellas in the rain and taking photos.
A man sitting at a bench holding a smart phone.
There is a woman sitting behind the wheel of the car.
Group of men in uniform typing on their cellphones. 
A man that is sitting down with a cellphone.
A man and woman kneeling down around a notebook.
A group of men holding cell phones down at their waists.
A cellphone is sitting beside a pastry pinwheel.
a man with glasses taking a picture of himself  in the bathroom
a person looking at a photo on a cell phone
A phone case, with a phone hanging on a belt loop.
a cool cellpoen with an emotocn grapic on it
A man on the phone with a mustache
a woman standing on the sidewalk while checking her cell phone 
Random items placed in order on a sheet.
A person riding a skateboard, holding a guitar, and talking on the phone.
A man in a hat is talking on the phone.
A cup with some scissors and some pens on a desk.
a woman on a horse in a horse riding competition.
Two men at separate tables using laptop computers.
A baseball at home plate taking a big swing at the ball.
A man in a knight costume on a cell phone.
A wooden desk covered in laptop computers and monitors.
A man in flannel using a cellphone to speak
An office cubicle with a laptop and desktop on a desk 
A group of women work at a table cluttered with laptops and papers.
Two people on a motorcycle with tone taking a photo
A black cat laying down next  to a computer keyboard. 
An image of people recording cell phone videos at a baseball game
Group of people sitting in a driving bus.
A collection of assorted electronics laid out on a bed.
A young man taking a cell phone photo from inside a car.
A solar powered radio and charger connected to a smartphone.
A man sitting at a table in front of a white plate of food.
A young man us sitting on the steps using his cell phone.
Two young boys play with their mobile phones.
A woman in a cap and knee high boots stands on steps as she looks at a phone.
A bunch of cell phones attached to wires.
a person sitting in a chair with a laptop 
A man in a red stripped shirt and tie takes a selfie.
a living room with a couch and a bottle of wine
A woman sitting on a patio chair talking on a cellphone.
A man is dressed as a pirate and has a stuffed bird
A number of people riding down the street on horses dressed in uniform.
A chair sits in the corner of a living room next to the tv on a stand
a group of people eating at a dinner table 
A woman trying to find a seat on a bus that is covered with plants. 
A girl talks and smiles on a telephone
A person holding a cell phone near some other people.
The baby on the blanket at the park is hoding  a Motorola phone.
A man and a women go towards a crowd with their carry on luggage. 
A man in a tan trenchcoat and sunglasses standing in front or a store on the street while talking on his cell phone.
Smiling woman with a flower in her hair on a cell phone.
The man talking on a cell phone has glasses on his head.
On a table a computer,a laptop,papers,books,some eatables in a tray and other things are kept.
a keyboard attached to a cell phone on a table 
A man in a backpack holding an umbrella is sitting next to a man on a cell phone.
A blurry shot of a person on a cellphone. 
A group of people standing in a room.
A young child sitting on a toilet holding a smart device.
A large white city bus on the street.
Man dressed in Native American clothes protecting musical instruments from the rain with an umbrella.
A person holding a cell phone next to many others.
A blurry image wherein a man is touching his phone.
woman holding a cell phone and smiling beside keyboard
A man taking a photo with his cell phone.
A large group of people at a farmers market.
Two students sitting at different tables on laptops.
two men in sailor uniforms walking in a parking lot
A man holding an iPhone up to his face.
a couple of people sit around of a table 
A group of women that are standing on the sidewalk.
An older woman wearing a hat is talking on a cellphone. 
A woman with a shopping bag talking on a cell phone.
Four friends lounge on a couch with a dog.
A tablet, laptop computer and television all turned on.
A hairy man is holding a frisbee on the beach.
a girl with two phones in her hand talking on a red one
Three men sitting at a booth in a restaurant and one man in the middle is looking at his cellular phone.
A man taking a self portrait with phone.
People participate in a conference call in the lobby
There are two monitors sitting on the desk.
Three cows standing beside a sidewalk that has people walking on it.
A man talking on a cell phone, on a golf cart.
A boy standing on a rug with a cell phone in his hands.
A person taking a picture on their cell phone 
A man holding a cake that has "DAD" spelled on it.
A snapshot of a family at a store taking a picture together.
A group of people stands around and looks at a phone.
A man with a turban talking on a cell phone of some sort.
A purse and the contents it would have laid out
A young woman standing next to the train and tracks.
Female in hat looking at cell phone with fence and park area
A bride and groom cutting their wedding cake.
there is akan standing on the street talking on the phone
A laptop computer with a mouse and cell phone is on a metal desk. 
A desk with shelves and a laptop and a desktop computer.
A breakfast plate of fried egg, potato pancakes and bacon.
An assortment of personal items laying before a fireplace.
A girl in a polka dot dress using a cell phone.
A table with plates and bowls of food on it and cups of coffee on saucers with spoons next to them.
Contents of a purse with phone and keys on a table.
The view shows two young people and  a woman leaving an elaborate entry way that includes a curved wall and window, revealing chefs at work,
A man has a bunch of boxes while talking with a man in a police uniform.
A small electronic device sitting on a white counter with wires hanging out of it .
A guy holding up a cell phone with a serious look on his face.
a man looking at something while he holds onto his cell phone 
A smart phone next to a piece of cloth on a wooden surface.
A couple of people on a green train.
Mother and son are in a train station looking at a cellphone. 
A bedroom with a window facing the street.
A man sitting at his desk looking at a computer .
A happy man talks on the phone while he is lying down.
A man taking a picture of two men, one in a baseball uniform.
A very pretty nice dressed girl and a guy.
Various electronics are laid out on a floor.
A couple of cell phones sitting on top of a laptop keyboard.
A messy kitchen with a refrigerator with lots of magnets on the door and a center island.
A white plate holding a sandwich with meat and cheese.
A girl in a bathing suit is riding a bike.
Woman sitting on a bench looking at her cell phone.
A man wearing a jacket checks his cell phone. 
Four women in pink and red sari's are looking at each other's cell phones. 
A man leaning on a railing talking on a phone with an attached tiny umbrella.
A desk with a computer, keyboard and monitor.
A computer mouse and a keyboard on a desk.
a woman is looking a tor stop big green sign
A woman is smiling and holding a cell phone.
A monk in traditional garb uses a cell phone
This photo displays a messy desk that has two laptops on it among many other things.
A group of people on a museum bench using phones
Two blue umbrellas protect three boys while they are texting.
An iPhone, remote control and a video game controller.
A little, blond girl with bangs talks on a silver cell phone.
THERE IS A SIGN THAT IS ON THE SUB WAY
A cell phone on top of a computer keyboard.
A man standing on a white board with a wii control
A beach has kayaks lined up on it.
a number of people sitting at a table with plates of food
A group of police officers loading a moving truck.
A white cat is taking a nap on a mouse.
A group of people sitting around a dinner table together.
A woman talking on a phone next to another woman.
Contents of a backpack have been spread out artistically over the grass.
A woman sitting on the beach with a dog while she looks at her cell phone.
A man holding a sheep for display within an enclosure
A group of people looking at smart phones while sitting down.
A soldier smiles as she entertains two children.
Man sitting on last step in front of door while holding his phone.
Two computers on desk with images on screen
A woman is sitting on a couch watching television.
A man in a bathrobe talking on the phone
a bunch of people stand around a table 
Two students use laptop computers sitting at a desk.
A while express bus at the side of a road near a stadium. 
The person uses a cell phone near a skateboard propped against a wall.
Three people looking at phones in a cell phone store
A group of people in the kitchen washing the dishes.
A sitting person is taking a picture of a plastic bag.
Laptop sitting on a small table in front of a bed. 
A woman in a red and white dress standing in the grass. 
A man holding a cell phone with his name tag on his shirt showing.
A cat laying on top of a laptop.
A man and woman in the park shaking hands
A man sitting on a bench next to a statue of a man getting inside his briefcase 
A group of people standing around feeding a giraffe.
A desk with a laptop phone and red bag on it
A man that is holding up a camera.
A young lerson holding a camera with a picture on its screen.
A messy desk with a laptop computer, cell phone, and lots of wires.
A woman has a dog on a leash while snowboarders look on.
A woman stands talking on her phone next to the street.
A tablet, a laptop and a computer on a desk
A very cute small table with four pretty chairs.
a television set a laptop books a monitor and a lamp
a small denim bag with a wallet, camera, batteries, makeup and mobile phone
Woman taking a picture of a restaurant chef with her cell phone.
A women who is holding a cell phone and some bags.
A living room with red sofas and glass coffee table
A group of remotes, envelopes and water bottles on an end table.
Men having dinner in a restaurant while a woman walks by talking on her cell phone.
a brunette woman talking on a cell phone in a short pink dress
There is a red fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
A man is standing in a room holding an old cellphone
a woman cutting into a fourth of july cake while others watch
A man with a hat holding a cellphone.
A person next to a giraffe with its tongue out.
A person talking on a phone behind a bicycle near a woman sitting down.
A man is sitting in front of a laptop and looking at his cellphone. 
A man sitting in a laundromat beneath a sign.
A nice looking man is on his cell phone.
a small cellphone is on its side on a table
a lady seated on a bench using her cellphone
A group of people sitting at tables eating food.
A man dressed up as santa claus smoking a cigarette and talking on the phone.
a desk with a laptop and a mouse 
A woman that is holding a cellphone and purse.
a man with a phone is being stared at by a woman
A man walking a dog in grass in front of multiple busses.
A few men ride on top of elephants while they carry large pieces of wood.
a cell phone sitting on the box it came in 
Two young men sitting at a cluttered counter together
A persons hand holding a cell phone up.
A photo of Ashton Kutcher is shown using a laptop.
a woman is holding a bowl of cereal while on her phone
Three people sit together at a table using cell phones.
Large poster depicting skeletal being with cell phone presenting warning.
A black and white photo of a group of people.
A man taking a photo of his plate of food.
A woman taking a picture while a man looks away.
A busy terminal with people walking through with luggage.
A man sitting on the ground on a cell phone.
an  image of a man eating donuts sitting next to a woman
The man is getting ready to eat his meal. 
A woman lying in bed on the phone with the magazine.
Woman sitting on a red lawn chair with an umbrella over her. 
A person holding up a smart phone in front of a singer.
A young man is taking a photograph of himself.
A person sitting on a wooden bench by some flowers.
There is a person sitting with another person looking at a cell phone.
A young boy holding a cell phone up to his ear 
A man with a hat making a call in a garage
An open laptop sitting on top of a a seat in front of a red couch in a living room.
A woman standing in front of a tree in front of a building talking on a cell phone.
a few people walking down the road with a cell phone
Four people are standing on the sidewalk waiting for the bus.
a woman wearing a tank top using a cell phone 
A group of people riding around in a tour bus. 
A man is holding up a couple of phone accessories
A workstation with a bunch of clutter and computers on it.
many people at tables with drinks and food 
A girl looks down at something in the hands while sitting at a set dinner table.
A man sitting on a moped and talking on a phone.
A small cellphone with twenty new messages on it

a close up of a person operating a cell phone
A woman takes a photo of her reflection in a bathroom mirror.
A plate of food by a cell phone on the table.
The man is walking a bicycle while talking on a cell phone. 
A woman talking on a cell phone while talking past people.
a close up of a child holding a cell phone
A variety of items that have been placed on a table.
A person in front of a laptop with elbows on the desk.
Group of people all showing off their cellphones in a group seating.
A man riding a bike down a street while recklessly talking on a cell phone.
A guy looks away from his cell phone a moment while standing inside a subway terminal.
A girl testing out the water in a shower with a man taking a pic in the mirror
An elderly woman standing by a white sedan, 
A kid that is sitting in a highchair at a table is holding a cell phone to their ear.
A man in a  wheelchair next to two baseball players
Two selfies of a boy in front of a mirror, one upside down. 
Man sitting down in public typing on his cellphone. 
A man is walking down the street while talking on a cell phone.
A group of friends stand around a refrigerator.
Two women are sitting on suitcases in the grass.
A group of people sitting at a table with a large pizza.
Two men standing by a umbrella on their cell phones.
A guy is brushing his teeth and brushing his hair while a woman is brushing her teeth and holding up a camera.
Three wine glasses are on a restaurant table.
A cat sitting at a desk looking at a laptop with a picture of a cat on the screen.
A bunch of computer equipment on a bed.
A vase sitting on a kitchen table surrounded by chairs next to a living room.
A ceremony for military men from US and China 
some people are sitting on a chair that looks like a book
a man in a suit with a american tie 
This is a picture of the side of a persons cell phone.
A tennis player wearing all white jumps up with his racket as people in the stands watch him.
A man talks on his cellphone outside in his robes.
A group of people working together on a table.
A girl sits on a bed and talks on a cell phone.
A man talked on his cellphone near another man.
A keyboard, mouse, and computer monitor on a desk.
A women who is sitting at a table with a drink in her hand.
Cat on ladies stomach starting at her face while a kitten looks on.
A woman sitting on a train while holding a bag and wearing a scarf.
A large kitchen filled with appliances and lots of cabinets.
A little girl is wearing a princess hat while others wait for the cake to be cut.
A computer desk with an old pc and lots of clutter.
A boy using his phone and fanning himself.
Group of women sitting around a restaurant table eating. 
A man on a cell phone in front of a colorful hedge.
a woman standing at the door of a shop
A black cat sits on a desk next to a laptop.
people waiting to serve people at a restaurant
a man holding two cell phones in his hands.
a guy at a table sitting in a chair on his laptop
a black and white photo of a person with a cell phone
A man is sitting outside while holding a closed umbrella.
Dimly lit room with a lap top computer on a wooden desk with headphones, cell phone and assorted paper and books.
Passengers are standing in a line in front of the door of bus.
a man and woman recline in a bed, each with their own laptop
A woman is on her phone in the dark.
a man walking through part of an airport with his cell phone by his ear 
A cat lies on a cluttered computer desk in front of two monitors.
Man walking through city while talking on phone.
a girl in a tan jacket looking at her cellphone and a train
a desk with two laptops a keyboard and a monitor
a couple of people that are walking around with a bag
The group of people is in like for a cell phone charge. 
Two people are huddled together looking at a cell phone.
Soccer fan is showing his support by dressing up. 
A woman is smiling while holding a cell phone to her ear.
People walking in train station next to a train.
A person looking at their cell phone with a Christmas tree on it.
a woman with an umbrella and some red and yellow leaves
A man holding a smart phone in his right hand.
A couple of pizzas sitting on top of metal pans.
A woman is looking at a cell phone on a train.
A couple of students sitting at a table finishing there lunches.
A cat sits on a computer desk with two monitors and a laptop.
A woman sitting at a computer desk in front of a computer.
there is a young girl laying down using a phone
a man wearing white sunglasses holding a game controller
A living room with a flat screen TV next to a couple of chars.
A train pulled into a station as passenger board and exit it.
A woman is listening to something while a man looks at her device.
A bottle of water sitting next to lamp and remote.
A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.
A cellphone and remote control on top of an astronomy book.
A lady at Boston Harbor with her phone and a black dog.
A woman walking on a sidewalk talking on a cell phone.
A MAN IS WALKING AROUND ON THE PHONE TALKING 
Four people, three electronic devices, a little conversation
A whole bunch of random items are laying on a table.
The parents sit at a table with two children between them.
The cell phone is in front of a computer monitor.
A person playing with his phone, with a butterfly on it.
Police officers are on parade as crowds watch from aside.
A young man in an orange shirt holds a cell phone outdoors.
A baby and man sleeping on a bed with pillows
A fully furnished apartment with photos, a table, and a bookshelf amongst other things. 
A blond woman is holding her cell phone.
A group of people are gathered at a table.
A man standing over a cake with a knife.
A man riding his bicycle down the street with a woman on the other side on her cell phone. 
A man in a kitchen cutting bread for sandwiches.
a close up of a person using a cell phone 
A young woman looks at her cellphone in a crowd of people.
A person that is brushing his teeth in a room.
The man in the maroon neck tie is using his cell phone. 
A woman taking a picture of herself in a bathroom mirror.
A person stands next to a disc golf goal.
A young man holding a backpack checks his cell phone.
Two men squished on a bench with two large women.
Two men in graduation gowns of using their cell phones. 
Cat sleeping in a box on a desk top.
A living room with a Christmas tree beside two couches.
A woman and a young boy walking on a sidewalk with many parked bicycles.
A person checking their cell phone with several other people in the room.
Two men looking at a laptop computer screen.
A woman eating pizza in a crowded outdoor restaurant.
A man stares while holding a cell phone that is flipped open.
A guy wearing a suit in a clothing store talking on a cell phone. 
a woman holding a cell phone and a cat in front of a mirror
A sandwich with chips and drink from panera.
The recorder is sitting next to the laptop computer.
Three men sitting on a couch with snacks and drinks on a table.
A black-and-white shot of a young woman walking outside on her cell phone.
A woman in black dress on street with a cellphone.
A man playing on his cell phone outside. 
A group people sit around a dining table and eat food. 
The computer is being taken apart on a desk.
A woman is looking at a picture on a cell phone.
Two pizzas, one with mushrooms and meat, and the other with mushrooms and greens.
A young man and woman leaning over a pizza.
A group of people and umbrellas on a street.
A sleeping cat listening to an MP3 player with earphones while on the phone.
A smiling woman pressing her head against a mans head.
Several people standing on the street and looking at a horse.
A set of old style cell phones on a table.
Older man in striped shirt with glasses on cell phone
A table with a mouse, laptop and speaker phone.
A Gameboy Advance next to an Ipod next to a cell phone, all charging
A laptop, camera, bag, hand held video gaming device and other items sitting on a couch.
A man pretending to throw up in a toilet on the sidewalk.
A man sitting on a bus while talking on a phone.
A caucasian women in running clothes sits on a picnic table talking on a cellphone.
Laptop and monitor displayed on white desk in small area.
An iPhone is placed on a lap with other small books and a cluttered desk. 
A woman is standing alone on a sidewalk
A man wearing glasses talking on a cell phone.
Hand holding up a cell phone, that seems turned off.
A bag on the floor with keys, cell phone, umbrella, pens and other items laid out in front of it.
A small brown dog laying in a dog bed under a blanket.
A man sitting at a desk with a notebook in his hands.
A woman looks up while typing on her laptop.
A person sitting cross-legged with a laptop in their laps.
A young lady standing in front of a picture of clouds.
Three people sitting around a table with computers on their laps.
A woman is walking down a sidewalk talking on her cellphone and holding a cup of coffee. 
A little girl talking on a cell phone.
A desk with a laptop computer on a docking station.
A woman smiling holding a cell phone in her hand.
Group of people eating on a long table. 
A purse is next to travel items laid out neatly.
A woman riding on the back of a brown horse through a field.
A motorcycle police officer drives down the sidewalk. 
A man enjoying a New York style pizza. 
a table full of junk for little girls
Two people sitting at a lunch counter smiling.
an  image of laptop and other electronics
A woman dressed in men's business clothes looks at her phone.
A woman that is standing with a little girl.
A man in a business suit and a man in jeans and sweatshirt walk along a sidewalk.
a close up of a person operating a cell phone
Clothes laid out on top of a small made bed. 
Everything needed for a trip while go into the travel bag.
a man that is sitting at a table with a laptop
A man sitting on a bench with a cell phone.
A cup is on a desk with a dog figurine. 
Black and white photograph of a woman looking at a cellphone.
A person holding a small tablet device in his hands.
A person holding a baby while standing in a kitchen.
A woman sitting on the ground by a metal gate on a cell phone
A woman on a cell phone on a street.
A man that is sitting down with a laptop.
A man showing an app he has on his phone.
A group of people at a  concert taking pictures
a woman in a floral dress standing near a catholic church 
a man looking down using his cell phone
Two women picking blossoms off of the tree.
A little girl is sitting on a bed with pillows.
Three computers sit next to each other on a table. 
A wooden fence with cell phones mounted to the side of it.
A woman is cutting a mans hair on a porch.
A bed with a purple blanket in a purple room.
there are many men sitting outside at a table eating
A man sitting up against a wall next to two other people walking near an entrance.
A presidential candidate on television during a campaign. 
A video game table with a smart phone sitting on top of it.
A water facet used by the fire department.
a person wearing a suit and bowtie with a cell phone
Three young people sitting at a table and enjoying some lunch.
a desk with a monitor and books on it
A small pink beanie hat next to a cell phone.
a close up of a tennis player with a racket and a cell phone
A small child is looking at the camera while holding a cell phone. 
A group of household supplies sit on a wooden floor.
A phone battery lies on a table next to a cell phone, which is open to reveal a second battery.
Someone lights the other candles on the cake. 
A street performer copying a woman on her phone. 
A man is standing next to a meter with a meter maid.
Three people sitting on a bed with drinks.
The man is walking down the concrete on his phone.
A woman in leather boots sitting on a bench on a cell phone.
An office work station with a window view.
A bedroom with a laptop on a computer desk next to a bed
Helmeted men on motorcycles sitting on a city sidewalk
A boy in recliner playing with a white laptop.
Phone and tomatoes for some extravagant people on table
A lot of people around and under a tent in a city.
A living room with a lit holiday tree standing in a corner.
A woman wearing a tan coat walking down the sidewalk approaching a cross walk in the city.
A bull tethered by the ring in his nose as part of an indoor animal display.
A couple of men sitting next to each other at a table.
a close up of an opened bag of chips
A table has a handbag, brush, mints, wallet, and cell phone on it.
A man holding a phone to his ear and looking ahead with an open mouth.
A man parked on a moped looking at his phone.
Chefs in a restaurant cooking multiple dishes on a stove.
A woman looking at her cell phone reflected in a mirror.
A person is riding a motor scooter while talking on a phone.
this bed has pink and white sheets and pink lamps
An open cell phone in a person's hand.
a man and a woman are smiling for a picture together
Four different styles of cell phones laying on a table.
A woman talking on a cell phone while laughing.
Person taking a picture of a tree in the snow.
A truck with an ad for a television show painted on its side
Two people holding up cell phones with photos of a young man and woman.
A large dining table has many dishes on it.
a man with a hat standing next to a no smoking sign
A woman sitting near a window indoors and using her laptop.
An empty glass is placed on an empty plate.
A round, white plate is filled with several helpings of different types of food.
Two young woman play on laptops in a living area.
A women who is looking at her cell phone.
A young boy assisting in setting up umbrellas for a vendor's booth.
A group of people getting off of a bus.
A blue and white bus on a city street.
A person standing in line for food at a food truck.
A cellphone on a pile of newspaper next to a pen, a laptop and a cup.
A man holding tie devices in his hands while he looks at his laptop.
The interior of a hotel room with a laptop on a countertop. 
A cell phone is sitting in a bowl filled with blue things.
Car basking in sun sitting in front of a stack of books.
a man in a suit looking at his cell phone 
a person uses a smart phone as a woman sits next to them
Laptop computer in room full of electronic equipment.
A woman that is leaning on a wall that is holding a phone.
Some people are trying to cross the street .
Doofy young man shares his umbrella with an Asian woman.
A man on a motorcycle outside the amusement called Wall of Death.
there is a desk with a computer on it
The woman with blue hair wears a big orange tie.
A woman taking a photo of a flowering tree with her cellphone.
A man crossing the street while talking on his phone.
A computer desk topped with a computer and a keyboard.
A portrait of two red telephone booths. 
A person sitting on a bed using a laptop. 
A gray cat sits over the edge of a basket.
A woman and a brown dog are sitting on the ground.
An old style phone next to a newer phone.
A woman sitting down holding a cell phone up to her ear
A girl is taking a picture while a boy does something in a sink.
two people sitting at a table with laptops 
Photos of a crowd scene are taken using cell phones.
The man with the microphone is grabbing hands with the man on the bike. 
this man is enjoying playing a video game
A desk with a Mac computer, a lamp, and other things on it.
A woman, two boys, and a girl sitting on a bench and smiling for the camera.
A man is standing under an umbrella in the rain.
Some kind of control room with a bunch of monitors.
Group of people standing inside a beauty salon together. 
a close up of a person using a cell phone 
A person looking at an electronic device while sitting at an airport.
A home studio is set up for music, video and web usage.
a person talking on a large cell phone
Two laptops sit on top of a computer desk.
There is a pink double decker bus in the street
A man hosing a dog off while talking on the phone.
A woman sitting on a big red chair next to a window.
A girl walking and talking on a cell phone.
A person standing with a large spider crawling on his arm.
A man looking into a mirror holding a tooth brush.
A girl taking a "selfie" in a bathroom full length mirror.
An assorted group of standing and reclining cell phones.
A person holding a cell phone in their hand.
A man who is talking on his flip cell phone.
A person holding an open cell phone with menu screen.
multiple soldiers wearing camoflage uniforms on on airplane
There are people eating food at the table.
An iPhone next to a charger and cords on top of an opened case.
A woman showing a child something on a cell phone.
a woman is talking on a cellphone outside
a blue laptop is next to a small television screen
A man cuts cake with a girl at a party.
Several people are sitting around at an airport with luggage next to them.
A picture of a laptop with a red light on it.
A train engine carrying carts down a track into a station.
A girl on her cell phone walking down a sidewalk.
A man stopping to drink in the middle of the street.
a man with eyes closed and behind him a woman on a cell phone
A Blackberry, a Nokia, and a camera are laid out on a table.
a woman leaning on  a pole while talking on a cell phone 
An iPhone sitting right next to a walkie talkie with a doraemon sticker.
an image of a person that has the cellphone posted up
A woman sitting on a step talking on a phone.
A woman with a microphone holding an image.
A man and woman standing by the tracks of a train station.
A boy running to a base on the field.
a person reading a book while laying on a bed
a Nintendo Wii controller with a green case
A woman at a product show holding a cell phone

A woman in a park taking a photo with her cell phone
An elderly woman on her cellphone walking in the street.
A small desk has a computer monitor and other electronics.
A partially finished crochet project sits on a table in a library next to a mobile phone, a pattern and crochet needles.
A delicious appetizing Pizza served on the table.
A group of people on a train platform taking pictures of a departing train
a close up of a table with many different old cell phones
Two men are talking next to a table containing electronic items.
A flip cell phone sitting on a table by a beer.
Person sitting down in front of a white computer looking at the screen. 
A man standing in the street on a cellphone.
A man riding a bicycle with a small boy.
A counter that has a rounded edge with shelves
A wooden bookcase that is full of books.
a man standing while looking at two cell phones
A woman in business attire walking on a sidewalk and talking on a cell phone.
4 cell phones sitting on top of a laptop computer.
A man on bench with bicycle and trees in the background.
a bunch of cell phones line up next to each other 
A man walking up a street talking on a telephone.
This is a man on a laptop and another man playing a guitar.
The people hold their phone up and make hand motions at the event.
The desk has a laptop and monitor screen with a keyboard.
A man and a woman camping on a beach.
A cat is sitting on top of a man's hat.
A woman with a handbag is walking up steps to a door.
a man looking at his grey cell phone in his hand 
Two Asian ladies squatting while making a call
A woman with a painted face is on a phone.
Class graduates using their cell phones while being seated.
The man is showing the individual with the cell phone a paper. 
Someone holding a cell phone in their hand while taking a picture of some mountains 
A man is loading music onto his mp3 player.
Two people are standing beside a puddle while texting on their phones.
a man in a suite takes a picture with a cell phone 
The man and woman are sitting next to each other at the table with the cake. 
some shops and three different men on a street
Busy commuters in a city walking down the street.






Three computer screens that are on a desk.
A small child plays with a cell phone.
A transit train and a black car have collided in the street.
Head and shoulders view of a young woman with a backpack over a shoulder holding and talking on a cell phone with a blurry background of open hatch back of an automobile.
a woman walking down a street talking on a cell phone
Small silver cell phone being held up any person's hand. 
A hand holds a bunch of brown bananas on a table.
Several different items that may have come out of a woman's purse.
A man with dark shades takes a picture on his phone.
A man in hat is talking on cell phone.
The two men are amazed at the product in the window.
Art project underway with scissors and phone to the side.
A man is in a restroom, pointing his finger, and is holding a cellphone. 
Sunflowers sit in a clear glass container on a shelf.
a desk with a keyboard and a mouse 
A pink scooter with a black seat next to a blue car.
A desk with a computer screen, phone, can of energy drink and books. 
a white purse sits on a bed under a phone, camera and flask
a sandwich and some fries are on a white plate
an image of a flat pizza on a table
A man with sunglasses on talking on his cell phone.
Two young people are in the middle of cutting a slice of the cake. 
An older man with a camera around his neck is checking his cell phone.
A woman sitting on a beanie chair using a coffee table for a desk
a table is littered with office matieras ike a lap top
A businessman might as well check his phone while waiting.
a person taking a photo in a mirror
A person is touching his or her cellphone outside. 
A group of people that are sitting in the grass.
A desktop computer and a laptop on a desk.
A man is listening to music with headphones on a bench.
A man holding a baby is playing on a computer.
A boy and a man dressed in suits crossing the road
The wooden table is covered with small bags, pouches, and keys.
a iphone sitting inside of a phone case 
A man in a leather jacket talking on a cell phone.

A man smiling while cutting a cake. 
Man and a woman watch another man on his phone next to his bike. 
A picture of the electronic set up on a bicycle.
Several young people milling around an airport baggage claim area.
A pair of women sit on a bench on their phones.
A small purse with a cell phone sticking out.
A man taking a selfie through a mirror.  
An empty kitchen with empty dark wooden cabinets.
The items displayed, including a book, wires, notebooks, and cell phone, could all fit into a well-organized laptop case.  
Lady on cell phone with a leashed horse.
People sitting around a table eating delivery pizza.
Man on a cellphone walking with a dog.
A girl using her cell phone to take a selfie.
A man walking down the street talking on a cell phone while passing by a pay phone.
A man wearing sunglasses and a tiny hat is looking at his cellphone.
a close up of a person on a cell phone 
A plate of food is on a bar as a woman on her cell phone sits near empty wine glasses.
A group of bikers are parked alongside a road.
The black laptop is inside of an open luggage bag. 
A man sits behind six cell-phones in a star pattern on a white table.
A gentleman playing with a video game controller.
two monitors on a wooden table already on use
A couple of people sitting down on their computers.
A wooden table topped with lots of electronics.
A bunch of people in a park having a lot of fun.
There is a girl sitting in a chair texting on her phone.
man standing on street talking on a cellphone
A laptop with an odd assortment of recording tools on top of it. 
Two women crossing the street looking at a cellphone. 
A laptop on a desk and a flag of the State of California.
AN ASSORTMENT OF NECESSITIES LAYING NEXT TO A BAG
A monk walking down a street holding an umbrella.
Two men sit on stairs to a building looking at a cell phone.
An open laptop sits on a wood desk next to a cell phone and a glass of liquor.
A woman talking on a cell phone wearing sunglasses with several people behind her.
There is a man holding a umbrella sitting looking
A woman lying on a bed with her phone next to her.
a woman is swinging a teniis racket at a game
The two people are leaned up against the wall using their cellphones. 
a woman looking at a cell phone and standing next to a vehicle
knife cuts into a medium sized pizza on a plate

A woman stops at the side of the street on her bicycle to check her cell phone.
A man is attempting a trick with a Frisbee while four people watch.
A dog laying on a person's arm that is on a table. 
A little girl with a phone standing near a couch.
two laptops sitting beside each other on a desk 
A woman talking on a cell phone while walking down a street.
An older man and woman sit in a restaurant booth using a cell phone.
An old photo of a woman sitting on a wall.
A man in a blue shirt using his cellphone to take a picture.
a man sits in a booth talking on his phone with a cup from ihop in his hand 
A train is driving down the tracks next to people who are waiting.
A person using their hands on an electronic object.
Apple computer, computer bag and accessories on display.
one lady is on the computer one is digging through a backpack there's a  man on the phone and another man on a computer 
A pastry and coffee drink is sitting on a table next to a laptop.
an orange sitting next to a cookie on a table
A white table topped with different electronics devices.
A photo of two people sitting on a couch, one playing the Wii.
A woman is carrying a child on her back.
A computer desk with a dvd shelf next to it.
A man standing next to a metal object that has a clock on top.
Girls stands off the curb in the street talking on the phone.
Men sitting and standing at desks in a room.
The family has gathered together for a large mill around the table.
A cat sits resting with its eyes closed.
a man taking a picture atop a mountain 
There are some computers set up on a bare wooden desk
a group of people that  are sitting at a table
A woman with an closed umbrella and looking down at a cell phone, and a man looking at it over her shoulder in front of a tiled wall and a metal gate.
Woman in red shirt working on a laptop and on her cellphone. 
A man with pink hair talking on a cell phone.
a brown table with a laptop a drink and a muffin
a desk with a book and a computer on it 
A chef is on the phone on the sidewalk.
A woman at a bar with two mugs of beer. 
A woman in the process of talking on her cell phone.
A police officer on a motorcycle patrolling a protest.
A man and child brush their teeth while the man takes picture.
The image of a surfboard, two balls a bicycle wheel and people sitting at tables.
a cell phone lying on a dining table.
A man with many bags walking on street next to fence.
There are some people waiting to get onto a subway
The knit hat is next to the cell phone.
People standing by a rack with a pizza.
A picture of a car that is by some water.
An old model train stopped at a railroad crossing.
A woman using a laptop with a sandwich beside her.
A smiling young woman reading a cell phone held in her right hand.
A man sitting at a table with a pizza and a slice in his mouth.
A woman sitting down talking on her cell phone.
The man with a beard is using his cell phone while lying on a couch.
A man kneeling with a camera, taking a picture of a man with a phone.
Two people sitting on a wall, one looking at her phone.
A woman sticking her tongue out and doing the "shocker" hand sign.
A CITY BUS IS ON THE STREET COMING THRU
A girl and a soldier smile as they hold a cell phone.
Used book prices are listed next to the books on a table.
some people on an airplane and the woman is holding a cellphone
A crowd is watching a tennis game being played.
a girl walking in the rain under an umbrella on her cell phone
A group of travelers standing next to a wall outside.
A magazine is lying on a cluttered desk.
A couple of men on cell phones standing.
The bathroom of this house is spotless. 
A man sitting down while using a laptop computer.
Gum, pen, glasses, water bottle, cell phone, and other objects are out of the bag, and placed on the ground. 
A woman is sitting down with the light turned down low to take a picture of herself with her cell phone.
a man seated outside a mirror showing very big teddy bear
Man and woman standing by a parked car.
A person looking at a phone outside next to crowds. 
Man taking a picture of a man on a motorcycle. 
a man holding a  bag is on a cellphone
A woman using a smart phone while sitting down.
a person sitting on the ground using a cell phone 
A woman taking a picture of an open mouthed shark in a tank
A woman getting her hair done by two men.
The two men are wearing uniforms and they are their cell phones.
A door man standing with his hand and coat on while holding his cell phone with one glove on. 
The bald man leaning against the tree holds his face in place with one gloved hand.
A group of people on a pier taking pictures on cellphones.
A man in strange attire on a phone in a field
A man is asleep in bed with a laptop open on his lap.
A table consisting of a keyboard, remotes, ipod, and cell phones all laying next to each other.
A man operating a laptop as another man prepares a camera.
a group of luggage sitting on the ground next to some tables
A girl in a white t-shirt holds a black phone.
The computer on the desk was left on. 
two cell phones opened  up and placed side by side
A woman in a yellow raincoat consults her cell phone.
A sliced thin pizza is on a black table.
A man on a phone on the deck of a large ship.
a man on the phone ridding a bike with one hand
A person modeling an old Nokia cell phone
A young man talking on a cell phone while driving.
A man is holding the reins of a huge horse out in a grassy field.
A work station is set up with dual monitors and other electronics.
The men loaded their vehicle full with luggage.
Two woman are looking at the phone while next to each other
Woman taking a picture of someone standing behind a sculpture and a child pushing another woman towards the sculpture. 
a close up of a person wearing a black short with a silver tie
A woman in a coat using her cellphone in the city.
a person looking through the lens of a cellular phone
a man and a little girl sitting in between the grinch and doctor seuss.
Two laptop computers on a bed that seems a bit messy.
Three people sitting at a table of food and drink.
A woman in a brown coat this is holding a phone.
Cops riding on top of brown horses in front of a crowd.
Women at a zoo feeding peanuts to an elephant.
A young boy sitting on top of a rug near a bed.
Two men sitting at a table with plates of food.
A room is lit from three bright monitors on a desk.
Man looking at cell phone while on another at a game.
A man sitting on a city bench talking on a cell phone.
A little girl and a baby are eating cake.
A bride and groom cutting their cake while guests look on.
Two young women smiling in mirror of a public restroom.
A woman reading and talking on the phone while sitting at a restaurant table outdoors.
an image of a man that has a hat at a birthday party
A view of a couple of laptops and a desktop sitting on a table.
A group of people stand and drink out of glasses.
A red fire hydrant placed on a city street
A bedroom with a small wooden desk topped with an open laptop computer and a monitor.
the computer is on a wooden computer desk.
A bamboo table and hammock some food and a crossword puzzle.
An electronic device is by someone's feet on a shaggy rug.
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench in a park.
A table filled with an arrangement of cellphones
A man standing on a peak, making a call and looking down at a valley
Peering between seats at someone texting on a phone.
A man kneeling by a cement barrier talking on his cellphone and looking at his laptop. 
a man on his cell phone waiting to get on the train
there is a woman holding a little girl taking a picture
ELDERLY WOMAN LOOKING CONCERNED WHILE BEING ON THE PHONE
Man leaning on post on cell phone with car trunk door open
A group of people sitting at a table in a room.
A man making a face in the mirror as he takes a picture with an iphone
A woman with a happy look holding up a cell phone.
Some people sitting at a table in shade with some food.
A man with glasses on a laptop that is on a table. 
A bunch of electronics and writing utensils displayed on a bedroom floor. 
A table with various food dishes  and drinks.
The man has taking a picture of himself in the bathroom. 
A smiling young lady using her cell phone in a park
A man walking down the sidewalk with a cart.
a bunch of plates of food sitting on a wooden table 
A man and a woman in front of a large whiteboard, looking at a cell phone.
People in a darkened room among several lit screens.
A group of people standing next to a car in a grass covered field.
A group of women standing next to each other.
A man that has a bunch of cellphones.
A man is sitting at a desk looking at the car on the back of his chair.
A desk witgmh a telephone, laptop, cell phone and a book on it.
A couch with a cat on it next to a table and chair.
A composite image of a woman vacuuming, typing on a laptop, eating from a bowl, talking on a cell phone, and reading a magazine.
I CANNOT TELL WHAT THIS IS A PICTURE OF
A couple of Wii controllers next to a pile of books.
A row of smart mobile phone on a table.
A lady at a table with a laptop computer talking on her telephone.
A child with colorful braids and a hat is taking a picture.
A man wearing a trench coat talking on a cellphone on a street.
A group of people standing around a man with a cop in front of him .
A keyboard, iPads and recording equipment on a desk.
A picture of some people on the street.
A woman on a path holds out her hand for a bird to alight on.
Notebooks and various other personal items sitting on a desk next to a computer.
A man standing next to a table wearing a lime green shirt using a cell phone. 
This a black and white photo with someone taking a pic
The Asian girls are using electronic devices at the worktable
A group of spectators watch and take pictures of a skater on a skateboard.
A man smiles as he looks at something on his phone. 
A young woman seated at a table in an Asian restaurant.
It's strange to see a bow tie with a military uniform.
a woman is sitting at a table with a cellphone
A kitchen with a jar of dog bones on the counter.
a person that is wearing a hate, vest and tie
A collage showing people at an event and horses.
A man looking at a cellphone, in front of a picture of a man with a hammer.
Women are sitting and stripping bananas while one is wearing a feathery boa.
Side review mirror shows dog hanging it's head out the window
A blonde woman is holding up her cell phone.
Two desktop computer monitors sitting on top of a desk.
A woman laying on a couch while talking on a phone.
You can see a person holding a camera but their face is cropped out of the picture borders.
Three cell phones on a table with paper plates of food.
Laptop computer on table at indoor event with audience seated.
There is a man sitting on a hill talking on the phone
a person holds on to a cell phone 
A group of women and men sit around a table and drink wine
The sunny room features a contemporary  clean design.
a man that is standing up next to a street sign
A woman in her wedding dress talks on a cell phone.
A shelf full of objects including a wooden clock.
A tram system on the with people sitting on the curb
a bunch of people are inside of a room with a bunch of couches
Man and woman standing with man holding cell phone in kitchen
Woman hugging her remote control for a video game console.
Four guys with skateboards are sitting and standing around.
5 female friends around restaurant table, two on cell phones.
A woman overlooking a grassy pasture of sheep.
We are looking at a photo of a woman on her cel phone.
A bearded man in a pink shirt and purple hat talking on the telephone.
a table with a keyboard a wallet and a few other items
Old black and white truck fully restored and displayed at outdoor event.
Multiple people riding bicycles down the street with onlookers watching.
This is a lady with dreads talking on a phone
A cellphone with a keypad and colorful screen above an apple logo.
 Desk with three computer screens and some iPads on it
A woman sitting on a bed with papers and a laptop.
A cell phone with a brace and a medallion 
a man sitting next to a messy bed while talking on his cell phone 
A man has his head back on a cell phone.
People standing around a table filled with cameras.
Four smart phones sitting side by side on a counter.
A man wearing a hate talking on a cell phone.
A young boy feeding two sheep that are in a fence.
a man takes a selfie in an elevator with his phone
Women and children gathered under umbrellas on the roadside in a city
Giraffe, zebra and other animals in a glassed area with people looking in.
The street crowd is headed to the winter event.
a brunette is at a white table and there is a laptop and cellphone
a woman talking on a phone in front of a pond 
Three young people gathered around a snow board.
People standing on the beach by rows of surf boards.
A small room with a bay window and white walls and a few clothes strewn chairs
large plate of french fries in sauce on a white tabletop
Various snowboards laying down on a wooden floor.
A woman sitting on concrete steps talking on phone.
a man is on his computer while working
A man is smiling in front of his desk with multiple computers.
A white plate holding a pizza with cheese and sauce.
Two children standing in a room playing games
A woman sitting on a couch with two computers.
A person is taking a picture of herself with her cell phone in the bathroom.
There are some cables plugged into a laptop computer
A man on the phone at a bicycle event.
An Obama Hope poster is on a desk with a wallet, glasses and cell phone.
A group of fraternity students set up audio and video equipment.
A large group of people raising their glasses.
A man says goodbye to his cat sitting on his luggage
The man is skateboarding in the park with other people. 
a man holding his cell phone to his ear 
A man in a uniform stands in front of a red, white and blue bus and holds a cell phone in his hand on a residential street.
Woman sitting down talking on her cell phone
A group of teens wearing the same gray shirt leaning on a wall looking at their phones.
A wooden table holding tools and an opened cellphone.
A roll down door on a building with a painted sign about cell phones.
an older man holding up a phone sitting at a table with another man.
A hand holds an iphone playing a video of 2 men.
An object that looks like a dog sitting by a miniature cell phone.
Two men are on the sidewalk using cell phones.
A man in a suit and tie on the phone
A brown chair has a remote, laptop, phone and yellow pillow on it as it sits in a corner.
A man looking up holding a phone in his hand
a person sitting down with a skate board 
Protest march in action in downtown unknown city
People standing on the top of a double decker bus near a crowd of people. 
Two women take photos of a cow at a contest.
A brown dog sitting in front of a computer desk.
The engine of a train sitting at the train station as people walk by.
a young man pointing towards his turned on laptop
A smart phone sitting on top of a table.
a male in a green shirt and two cats are laying on a bed
Two men standing around holding an umbrella in the day.
There is a woman talking on a cell phone riding a horse.
a cellular phone sitting on the comics section of a newspaper.
A man wearing glasses sitting in a room holding a phone in his hand.
A king size bed in a hotel room.
A girl holding a camera in front of her face.
a person leaning against a red wall with his hand to his face 
A woman with an umbrella selling pastries from a cart.
Men and women in a waiting area with the women looking a pictures on their devices.
A man standing in line for water uses a cell phone
a woman is siting outside on a wood bench
a woman sits down while using a cell phone 
Three men talking while sitting on the coach. 
A cat laying on top of a laptop on a table.
a small kitchen with wooden cabinets and a microwave
One large and one small mp3 player, one with earbuds
A child standing on a chair at a table with ice cream on it, while having a photo taken.
A man taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror.
A tray with meat and a small bowl of mustard sauce.
two people standing in an airplane terminal talking on their cellphones
This is a busy city street with many bright signs at dusk.
A group of people watch a six legged robot.
A man in a Cardinals t-shirt talking on a cell phone
A handbag is spilled onto the floor containing two bottles, a wallet, a smaller bag, a camera, some flash drives, a book, an umbrella, a cell phone, a tamagochi, a bandaid and other stuff.
A boy in a crowd holds up his phone to take a picture. 
A person is looking underneath a sink with a light.
Two young men one on a computer and one on a device.
a bunch of old palm pilots and old cell phones
A couple of bags of luggage sitting on the ground.
A woman is sitting and smiling at the camera.
a close up of a number of items on a table with an ipod
A man and a woman riding a motorcycle next to a crowd.
A young man holding a cell phone with two hands.
A woman with a cell phone on a street.
A woman with an umbrella balances on one leg.
Woman on cell phone writing down notes in kitchen 
Person holding a electronic device so that you can see the screen.
a room with a dining table close to a chair 
A woman using her phone by a taxi sign. 
A man in a black sweatshirt eating something and talking on a phone.
A view of two computers sitting on a desk, with a man on the cell phone behind them.
Two men are outside with a tablet computer.
A baby smiles and holds a cell phone up to its ear.
two bikes parked against the bench near the water
Man bundled up waiting for transportation while talking on phone.
A person is holding a cell phone and typing.
A group of people are sitting in a row and looking at their computers.
A woman is blowing bubbles at a restaurant. 
Man pulling two cows down a city street on a leash. 
A group of people in black clothing prepare to board a bus.
A bed made up with an artificial fish upon the pillow.
Two guys in suits posing to take a selfie with a cell phone.
a man standing while holding onto a wii mote 
people standing outside using their phones on charge
a monitor that is on a big white counter
There is a man wearing a cowboy hat taking picture in front of a store
A white kitten is sitting on a laptop computer.
A desk has a black chair near it and a monitor and laptop on it.
A woman uses her phone in the desert.
A picture of an guy on a motorcycle.
A woman in sun glasses is talking on her cellphone
A man and a woman on a train looking at their cell phones.
A man is sitting on a restaurant bench using a cell phone.
A blue van or truck is riding down the street.
A computer set up with two monitors and ipods
A office cubicle workstation with a computer, chair, and other office supplies. 
a person sitting on a couch with a nintendo wii remote 
A towel in the grass with life saving equipment. 
A beautiful young woman leaning up against a light pole.
A man sitting on a rock talks on his cell phone.
A man with a cell phone with a plate of food and dessert.
A girl standing on a street side with a cell phone in hand.
Two pictures of one person on a cell phone.
A tennis player hits the ball at a tennis match with a small group watching.
A neat white kitchen with white cabinets is illuminated by overhead lighting.
A glass desk with a large computer monitor.
A book that is opened up showing the front and back cover.
A person sitting in a bed with a laptop before them
Some women using an umbrella for shade in a crowed area.
Two men are sitting at a table looking at their cell phones
People who are sitting at table eating food. 
An attractive young woman is talking on her cel phone.
A guy takes a selfie in a bathroom. 
there are many people and umbrellas on the beach
This phone is requesting insertion of a SIM card.
A woman walking along  a river while talking on a cell phone.
Numerous electronic items from different eras on a table. 
a man in glasses using his cell phone 
a home office with laptop, printer, scanner, and extra monitor
A woman using a cell phone outside of a catering business.
a cutter is going in to some bread
A living room with a Wii remote sitting on the sofa.
The man is talking on his cell phone as he walks.
Three devices near each other on a table
A women who is walking while on her cell phone.
a man is on his cellphone in a seat
An cluttered office desk with computers and electronics.
A girl is sitting at a table and holding a cellphone.
a man that is talking on a cell phone
There is a flip phone in a banana shaped case
The pair of cell phone holding young ladies were dressed in blue uniforms.
A group of men and women sitting at a table outside having a meal.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.
A wooden desk that has a Apple desktop computer on it and a cellular phone on a mouse pad.
a sideways image of two men and a child lounging in a living room
An umbrella, notebook, cell phone, and calculator laying on the floor. 
A small tv sits in front of the bed
A train station with a train pulling into the platform.
A coffee cup that is sitting on a table with a spoon in it.
a person holding a cell phone with a white background
A laptop, cellphone, headphones and speaker on a table.
A woman with a cell phone in her hand.
A man riding a skateboard down a rail.
A smiling man and woman hold a cell phone and computer cable.
Man sitting on bench with smart phone and pack, while woman sleeps on bench.
Several sandwiches, french fries, a vegetable, juice and coffee.
Two men sitting on a couch holding pool sticks, one between his legs.
A small cell phone the top of a table.
Two people standing by their bicycles near a traffic island with a fountain.
A desk contains a computer monitor, keyboard and mouse.
A huge hamburger with lettuce and tomato on a round plate.
A close up of a man's hand holding a cell phone on his lap. 
A park ranger is standing and smiling as he talks on his cell phone.
Two guys both of who have smart phones, but are looking specifically at one phone
A woman is holding a cell phone to her ear and is talking and walking down a red cobbled road.
you can see a man from in between two parking meters 
Four cell phones sit on a wooden table.
A man is talking a picture of himself in the mirror.
A male graduating student talking on a cell phone in a crowd of his peers. 
People talking on the phone at two different locations. 
A group eating dinner and talking in a home.
A hand holding a cell phone, movie, and a movie ticket.
A laptop is kept open on the table along with mobile,notebook and pen.
this is a woman looking at her cell phone
A man wearing a snow hat looking at his cell phone. 
a group of friends having lunch at a restaurant.
A woman sits at a bench near her parked bicycle.
two pizzas on plates a person and some drinks
A cup of soda with a cell phone propped against it.
Several cell phones with chains have labels on them.
a person leaning against a wall using a cell phone 
a loving family watching others as they play video game
Sandwich plate with checkered napkins and see through dinner table. 
A young man holding a helmet or ball in his hand
A side view of all the ports on a  laptop
Two women staning very close looking at the screens of their phones.
A man on a cell phone amongst tall red rocks.
someone is holding an iphone or an ipod
A passenger in a car talks on his cell phone. 
A woman driver has three dogs in the seat with her.
The girl is riding her skateboard while using her cell phone.
Several personal electrical devices atop a wooden table.
A group of people looking at an airplane
Guys get dressed up in togas over their t-shirts.
A lady standing on a beach in a hat and sunglasses. 
A man looks at his cell phone while sitting outside.
A woman plays with her cellphone on the beach.
A group of employees standing around eating pizza.
woman with cell phone taking picture of old barn
A lady is in the mirror taking a picture of herself with her phone camera.
A man using a laptop computer in front of an open fire
a woman eating dinner at a table with a white cat looking at her plate 
A cell phone connected to a laptop computer.
a man in headphones is on a laptop
A young girl puts a TV remote control to her face like a cell phone
theres a projector on the wall showing a picture
Picture of two pizza pies on a date
A woman walking down a street talking on the phone.
A woman walking in a dark room while holding a smart phone.
A lady standing on the sidewalk using her cellphone.
A little girl using a cell phone in a store.
there are several men sitting at a table together in front of flags
A painting of a woman using an electronic device.
An attractive young woman walking down a sidewalk while talking on a cell phone.
an image of a man talking on a cell phone on subway
A pizza on a plate with some random toppings
a girl in a blue jacket and red checked shirt holding a cell phone
A laptop computer on top of a desk next to a bowl with cereals and a cellphone.
Woman with red hair holding up a red cell phone. 
Laptop sitting on desk tethered to a phone
A man wearing a wrist watch holding a cell phone.
A photo of an office filled with sticky notes.
A woman walks with an umbrella over her head.
A man is sitting on a street curb looking at his cell phone. 
A man herding a large group of sheep
A woman texts on her phone while sitting on a bench.
A couple with two small children are entering a business.
A girl swinging a tennis racket around a crowd of people.
Man talking on a cellphone while standing under a large umbrella. 
a man on the phone looks angrily at the man
Woman with long hair wearing two red horns on her head
It is night time and a group of people are standing on a corner talking and a white building in the background is all lit up.
A person standing in front of a tile wall next to a towel holding a camera.
A child sitting on his moms lap while she is on her phone.
Someone sitting on a toilet with a cell-phone.
A woman giving the finger to a mirror.
Small apple cell phone image from the back of a silver case.
A man and woman are sitting in a restaurant booth.
A mp3 player sitting on top of a speaker system.
Two soldiers taking pictures of a group of soldiers arranged for a photo.
A woman wearing lots of flowers talking on a cell phone.
a person wearing a jacket and a hat operating a cell phone
A laptop on a gray metal desk with a smartphone plugged into it.
A man taking a picture of a cake on his phone.
People gathered at a business conference of some sort.
The little girl is seated in the car's rear carseat and looking at her cell phone. 
Two men with a phone on a sidewalk.
A small child looks at a cellphone on a coach
A pleasant event with people sitting and standing as they enjoy themselves.
A woman sits on a three wheel bike in front of a t-shirt kiosk.
A woman is sitting on a concrete stoop on the sidewalk with a cellphone in her hand.
A cold drink on a table in front of the beach.
A man sitting on a curb looking at his cell phone.
Woman sitting down on outside steps taking a cellphone picture.
The lady is walking and talking on her cell phone.
A couple relaxing on a park bench in the summer time
A man riding on his bike and talking on the phone.
A man taking a selfie in a suit and tie.
A tray of food on a table near a glass and a cell phone. 
Two women in street on cellphones next to windows.
The metallic kitchen sink is made of silver metal.
Woman on cell phone bicycling down the street.
The man is sitting down talking on his cell phone.
Black and white photograph of man on bicycle with cellphone.
The cover of a magazine with two little girls on it.
People sit in chairs in front of a large window
A large kite flying at a park with other people and kites 
A view from a car of a rainy city street.
A woman in a white robe is standing in font of a black door. 
A man in the dark using a cell phone in his house
A man and boy playing a game with remote controllers.
A close-up of a phone with a QWERTY keyboard.
Three women sit around a table with mugs and snacks.
An old man with a long beard in the grass.
A woman sitting on a cement plaza with her mobile phone to her ear.
The light from a phone shines on a thumb.
A giraffe and a man at a fence.
a man with a striped shirt and gray tie and a cellphone
The people at the station are waiting for a train.
The laptop is connected to a full size keyboard to make an effective work station.
A pair of unfinished meals sitting on table top in front of laptop computers.
A woman that is standing near a pillar with a cellphone.
THIS MAN IN A WHITE SHIRT AND GLASSES IS ON HIS PHONE
a little girl that is messing with some kind of phone
A man that is on a skateboard on a sidewalk.
A cup is next to a menu on a table
A man with glasses holding up a flip phone and staring at the screen.
Smart phone Cell phone with a shattered front screen
A woman and some business men talk politics
A pizza on a peel sits on a table.  
Altered photograph of young women on cell phones sitting on city buildings
A black and white photo of several people waiting at a transit station.
Large group of people standing in a crowd while some of them take pictures. 
A room with a table, television, a person sitting on a couch and a cat standing in another room.
A man and woman leaning in a metal barrier 
A couple of monitors, keyboard and stationary items.
A woman walking a brown horse on grassy area.
A young woman is using a cell phone near orange light.
a black and white cat is sitting between a keyboard and a monitor
a man sitting at the bar of a restaurant
Three men sitting on a bench fiddle with their smart phones.
a shakespeare book sits on a wooden bench
A person takes a picture of a presentation on a phone.
a man wearing a hat and glasses talking on a phone standing next to  picture
A coffee table has a laptop, mp3 player, books, stapler and paper lying on it.
THERE IS A WOMAN SITTIGN AT THE TABLE WITH HER LAP TOP 
Three people are posing next to a raw pizza.
sleeper in bed with cell phone next to  a land phone
A person wearing a brown hat with a bow sitting on a step next to a sign saying don't sit in this area!
A woman photographs a man preparing a meal.
The tattooed man is talking on a cell phone.
picture with 3 men and 2 women at a table 
Man and woman playing instruments with mirror reflecting
a few people standing around a table full of wine tasting it

A group of people walking in a huge grassy area, one taking a picture.
Man taking a picture of himself in the bathroom.
A hardhat ontop of a bag with the contents outside and surrounding it. 
A laptop computer and a desktop computer sit on a wooden desk. 
A man wearing a mask while holding up a smart phone.
A boy and girl sitting on the sidewalk texting with cell phones.
A grooup of people wearing tennis clothes stand around another player holding a bottle of water.
Someone is pulling a cell phone out of their pocket.
An L-shaped desk covered in various computers and accessories. 
A man and child, each wearing an umbrella hat, hold hands as they walk. 
A man with glasses talking on a cell phone while walking. 
Business people sit at their desks and use devices.
FOUR GIRLS DRESSED FUNNY, SOME HOLDING CELL PHONES
The old man in the cowboy hat is whittling a piece of wood.
a pepsi can sits next to a cell phone 
A topless woman smiles in the middle of a crowd. 
Cell phone sitting on a glass dining table
A black handbag with items waiting to be packed.
A boy is sitting a table and holding a cell phone.
a drawing of man cooking in a kitchen 
A man with beard taking a photograph with a cellphone.
A young woman walking down the street while talking on her cell phone
a man and woman sits back to back on a train 
A woman on the phone while waiting for a show
A computer work station including desk, keyboard, and monitor
A woman standing while on her phone standing on a subway platform.
Several people gathered in a park sitting, standing and flying kites. 
The Christmas tree ornament is shaped like a cell phone. 
A woman in grey shirt on park bench with cellphone and bicycle.
This lady is sitting on a bench reading a book while pigeons are walking by.
People gathered at a giant cell phone display
A man with a bag on the side of a road with a cell phone. 
A close up of a couple of people using their smartphones.
A man laying in a bed with his laptop.
New York City Time Square Center with traffic stopped as pedestrians walk by.
Three computer monitors and a laptop are on a desk.
A teenage girl stands near two older women, one of whom is cutting a decorated birthday cake on a table.
A woman is reading a book with her head cupped in her hand, as she sits in front of a park. 
Two small children play with each other in a bedroom while their mother stands by.
These gentlemen are looking at something of great interest to them.
A student using both a book and computer to study.
Two female skateboarders are standing on he street corner.
A man riding a skateboard on the cement near a car.
A messy computer desk with lots of DVD's.
A man talking a selfie photograph with his phone.
Two people dressed nicely sitting on a sandy beach
A woman stands near a red double-decker bus and uses her cell phone.
A dinner table with glasses of wine and a plates of cheese and crackers.
This woman is  a phone call while standing on a ciy street in broad daylight.
A young person sitting at a desk sending a text message..
Two guys are sitting at a curb and one is on his cell phone while the other one is holding a paper sack.
A Nokia phone is turned on and stands in front of a Nokia sign.
A hand is holding a very small cell phone.
A young man standing in an alley checking his cell phone.
A kitchen counter that has a wine bottle and cleaning supplies on it.
A hand with a tablet and a notebook are beside a plate with pizza
A smiling man with a personalized computer on a couch
View of an airport from a place that serves beer.
two people kneeling holding coll phones near a christmas tree
A boy and his parent are looking at a laptop screen.
A woman is sitting on a bench, talking on the phone.
People are on the beach in bathing suits.
A train stopped inside at a train station.
A cat laying in bed with a teddy bear
A bunch of electronics sitting on a table.
A mug with a monkey face on a desk with a penguin
Wireless keyboard sitting on a table next to other technology pieces. 
A group of uniformed sports players stand around a table eating cake
A woman is looking at a cellphone that she's holding.
A woman taking a picture on her phone on the water.  
A person holding up his cellphone while outside.
a person using a cell phone and some kitty nick knacks 
a baseball player warm up with a baseball bat 
a business man on the phone in a subway
a man is riding on a scooter outside
A man surrounded by other men is holding a cell phone.
A man stands behind a woman taking a picture through a mirror
A boy constructing a gingerbread house in a kitchen.
A woman on a cell phone on the side of the street.
A young couple take their two dogs for a walk  
An office with a nice view and containing a desk with three computers.
Woman taking photo using cell phone near glass on table.
A woman eating a doughnut out of a bowl.
A woman holding a large teddy bear in the middle of a lobby.
A bag with a computer and quilt sits on a table.
A herd of cows traveling down the street.
A man in zombie makeup in the day light. 
a boy is looking at his cellphone in a bathroom
An old laptop computer sitting on a desk
A woman posing with a cell phone taking a picture of herself.
A desk with two computers and mice sitting on top.
a group of friends sitting on a living room couch 
A man holding a clip board using a kind of microphone.
A plate of breakfast food with eggs, English muffins, hash browns, and bacon on a table with coffee and chocolate cake. 
A large pizza topped with green items on a dining table.
Many people with instruments have a conversation together
A meal with various dips sits half eaten on a table.
A little boy is standing in front of the bath tub.
A bunch of items that are necessary for the camera man to have.
Someone holding up a hot dog sandwich with all the fixings.
A blurry image of a woman talking on the phone
A fat cat standing on a bed with its paw in a cup.
Man holding showing off cell phone in room.
An older man and women standing in front of some parked cars while the man holds a cell phone to his ear.
a man holding two torches stand atop of a pillar 
A woman sitting at a table with a man.
A desk with a computer, a laptop, headphones and a telephone
A black and white photo of a man using an iPhone. 
There are a lot of individuals celebrating together.

A woman taking a picture of a doll with a cell phone.
An elderly lady watches two boys looking in the refrigerator.
Two young men are on their labtops sitting on a couch.
a transit bus parked with trees in the background
group of cyclist standing in front yard while on uses with cellphone
A young lady is smiling for the camera and taking his picture. 
A woman hitting a tennis ball during a professional match. 
A white desk and chair in home office
A photograph of a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse.
Two huge cases sitting on a chair in an office.
there is a woman sitting in a car and using a phone
A man stands in a screened in area with a cell phone to his ear.
two boys at a dinner table look at a console in one of the boys' hands as a woman sits behind them
A man on a cellphone near an arched bridge.
A woman on her phone in front of green and yellow bananas for sale.
A person holding up a smart phone in a public space.
A woman sits in a wooden chair in a sunny room. 
a woman sitting on a bench while she talks on the phone 
A black and white car laying on a desk by a laptop computer.
A woman sitting on a bench checking he cellphone. 
Photographing what appears to be a form of entertainment.
Two girls smiling while one talks on the phone.
this is a woman taking a picture with her phone
Friends engrossed in activity on a cell phone
The cell phone is next to rolled up wires. 
A person is holding their phone in front of some computer monitors.
An Asian girl on her cell phone in a crowded area.
A person is taking a picture with their cellphone of a laptop computer.
A bunch of electronics are sitting on a table. 
a father and his son is looking at a cell phone.
A table surface with various tools and supplies.
An asian man closely studying his cell phone
Man wearing a red shirt reading a smart phone.
Someone's desk has a computer, a keyboard, some pens, a journal, and a cell phone on it.
A man is looking happily at his cell phone.
A cell phone sitting on top of a laptop computer keyboard.
A man sitting on a chair on the sidewalk on his cell phone.
A person takes a picture in front of a bathroom mirror.
A man is seen taking a selfie in front of a public bathroom mirror.
A keyboard and mouse on a table with a flower shaped mousepad.
Two young people are standing by a waterfall.
two women and both are looking at their cellphones
A woman who is taking a picture of herself. 
A table with a radio, cell phone and laptop on it. 
The man is standing in the road waiting to cross. 
The cellphone is running a application to find direction. 
People having lunch together at a table in a restaurant. 
this kitchen has a white fridge and all wooden cabinets
A desk with a computer, office items, and CDs on it.
The girl is texting on her phones keyboard.
Two students posing for a photo with their teacher in the classroom.
A computer, tablet and phone sits on a table next to a lamp.
a couple of computers are on a desk
Two girls sit on a bus with inflatable soccer balls.
A log shaped cake and a fruit topped cake on a table.
A man is walking and talking on his cell phone.
an outdoor market with lots of fruits and vegetables 
A person with a phone in their hands.
The man is talking on a black cell phone.
Several items laid out on a table for display 
A small cat is sitting behind the keyboard on the desk.
Two laptops, some cameras, and many cords and accessories take the entire space of a bed.
A crowd of people on the road close to the traffic lights
A throng of seated people contains mostly suit-wearing Caucasian men with some exceptions here and there, notably two women in the front, one wearing a purple jacket, rear, left, a man with a purple turban, and rear right, a black man with shades.  
Four people sit at a table full of pizza.
a fat man with shoes inside a convenience store
A desk with a laptop and desktop computer.
man holding up phone close to the camera
A man in a hat talks on his cell phone while facing a parking lot.
Three young men sit at a table using four laptops.
A selection of phones sit out for display.
School supplies are arranged neatly on a counter.
A born purse sitting on top of a bed next to it's contents.
An electronic device displaying the time sitting on a table.
Cellular phone on wooden table next to keyboard.
a male tennis player is seen playing a game on the court
One woman is talking on her cellphone next to luggage while another looks on.
People standing in a river surrounding an elephant, some are touching it 
A woman using a cell phone in front of several people standing under an umbrella.
A woman in a costume is on the cell phone.
A computer screen is turned on at a desk.
A person sitting at a table cutting a cake with a knife.
A cellular phone being held by a hand.
a lady sitting at a table holding a wine glass and cell phone
The boy is talking on his cell phone .
A couple of people and a bus outside.
Multiple computers and electronics on a wooden desk.
The contents of a bag are displayed on a table.
Three men sitting around a table taking pictures of food.
A soldier rides his motorcycle with side cart through an alley way as by standers eye him closely.
A jockey is riding a horse in a race
A coffee and a muffin sit next to a tablet with an image on it.
A man on a cell phone with glasses
One woman waits for bus and the other prepares for her bicycle ride.
a pitcher preparing to throw the base ball
two people sitting at a bench on a city street
A woman holding cell phones talks to a man on the street. 
Inside view of terminal building with large sunlit window and a clock.
A very large group of people are sitting at tables.
A man sits on a corner, talking on a cellphone, and looking upset. 
A group of people, some holding cups and cellphones, standing in front of a building.
A set of cutlery and personal items lined up on a table.
Man and woman smiling are holding an award.
A woman sitting on top of a brick wall looking at a phone.
A desk with two computers and several accessories.
A trolley sits at a trolley stop next to a bus. 
a close up of a person using a cell phone 
A hand is holding an electronic device in one hand.
A guy sits on top of a post while talking on the phone.
A person behind the wheel of a car holding a phone that says "texting while driving is...."
There is a display of three different computers together.
The meeting of the minds brings together the best men and women and their technological skills.
A group of people hang out together in a hotel room. 
A woman walking in front of a man talking on a cell phone.
The person wearing a fuzzy mask is using a cell phone.
A box on a table with three cell phones on it, next to a cup of coffee and a pair of glasses.
a woman and a man sit under some patio umbrellas while doing things on their smart phones
A classroom with kids on laptops at their desks.
A living room with a sofa and coffee table.
Three men engaged in conversation at a social gathering.
A woman is sitting against a wall on her phone.
A person holding a green cell phone in a classroom with many desks.
A man holding his cellphone towards a girls drink. 
A man leaning up against a brick wall while talking on a phone.
A half-filled cup of coffee is beside a computer mouse.
A phone lock screen is displaying the time and several icons.
a woman is working on a laptop at a desk
Two women are sitting at a wood desk.
A woman in a brightly colored bikini on the beach.
A woman riding a blue bike with a basket on front of it.
A person holding a black smart phone in their hand.
People are crossing in the crosswalk on a city street.
A cream-colored room with fancy fireplace and furniture
A cold day in an Asian part of the world.
A woman in a salon with braided hair.
The flip phone, open to a cartoon character, is lying on  the workbook written in a foreign language, 
Several cats fast asleep on a desk in front of computer monitors.
A young man sits on a wall using a cell phone.
A desk with a laptop and a keyboard and mouse.
Two cell phones with little boxing gloves by each one of them.
A woman pushes a stroller while looking at her cellphone. 
People sitting in an airport terminal waiting for their flight.
A group of people and a bed in an outside setting. 
A lady is taking an image of herself in front of the mirror. 
A young woman is standing on a busy street corner and talking on her phone.
A man sitting by a building on a cell phone.
One man fixes the toe of his gay friend.
People are sitting around a table with their computers.
An electronics device sitting in the pocket of a person.
A man in white playing tennis in front of a crowd
A man looking at his cell phone while standing near two benches. 
The people are sitting down together having a meeting. 
A man in front of a  map using his phone.
A woman laughs at something on her cell phone.
People sitting in a circle waiting for something.
an old cell phone with a key laniard 
A woman talking on a phone while sitting down.
A tray displaying a donut and coffee is shown while a person checks their cell phone.
The person is reading music and playing a keyboard.
A woman in a grey fur lined coat taking a photograph of a three tiered blue and white cake. 
A bed in a bedroom with blue shades of paint
A man in a yellow robe is leaning against the wall
An outdoor table with a laptop and cell phones on top of it
There are a number of electronics on a desk.
A woman holding a cell phone with her reflection in the screen.
A person that is laying on the ground.
A man standing on the sidewalk on the phone while another man is standing in the street. 
View of a smartphone sitting on a computer keyboard.
A man is talking on a cell phone near a building.
People in a Chinese restaurant looking up at the photographer taking the photo from a distance.
Two boys sitting,younger one is trying to read something.
two men stand on the winning pedestals at a cycling match
A girl takes a picture of a cake with a cell phone
Man and woman, each on cell phones, in a shopping mall.
A woman sitting while holding a cell phone in her hand. 
A man with strange facial hair sitting next to a woman on the phone.
A lounge chair sits under a tent with a laptop in front of it. 
A group of nurses and health care workers holding teddy bears in the office 
A group of people are standing next to two giraffes at the zoo.
Man with glasses on his head looking at his phone.
A man on a bus holding a cellphone to his ear.
A man in in the pool, catching the Frisbee, as two people look on. 
Man with blue tie holding phone in entry way.
A couple of glasses of beer sitting next to cake thats been cut into.
A woman smiles at another woman while she holds a phone.
A crowd of people walking down a  sidewalk.
A tennis player running to hit the ball.
a woman is handing her phone to another woman

A man and woman wearing hats sitting at a table.
People sitting at different tables working on laptops.
some different tablets cellphone and a piece of pizza
a person holding a small box and talking on a cell phone
A man that is holding a phone in his hand.
A man standing in a room holding two cell phones.
a person on a city street operating a cell phone
A woman talks on a cell phone while fanning herself.
A bed topped with pillows and a blanket.
A man with a clipboard and blue tooth headset looking at his cell phone
People getting off of an airplane at the airport.
A young man in a yellow shirt holds out a white cell phone as an elderly lady in a white shirt looks at it.
A girl is talking on phone with earphones.
A large group of people standing by a house.
A man with a baseball bat standing in the dirt.
A man at a gathering looking at his phone.
A person sits on a bench as a train passes by
A person using their cellphone. The time reads 13:04 on the clock.
A large sandwich on top of a white plate.
A woman is taking a photograph in the mirror
Club footed bathtub and mirror on a pedestal in a bathroom with a slanted wall.
Woman in the street looking at fireworks at night.
A flip style cell phone in a hand.
A black and white cat sits on a man's lap.
A man wearing a big hat making a funny face.
A computer desk with three separate monitors on it.
A police motorcyclist riding a bike among several policemen
A woman wearing a black bathing suit in a beach chair by the beach talking on her cell phone. 
Two tabby cats, one in a basket and the other with head on a blanket.
A man wearing a top hat is talking on a cell phone. 
A man talking on the phone in a park.
A base ball player holding a bat next to a  base.
A young man using a laptop in front of a desk with a desk computer.
A white man with a goatee talking into a cell phone
Some people are standing outside of a shop looking in the window.
a person sitting on steps talking on a phone
A modern desk has Apple products and a lamp.
A person holding a cell phone with a wire connected to it.
A man in a black t-shirt talks on a cell phone.
A person types on their laptop on their bed.
Girl sitting on a man's lap holding her cell phone.
A woman sitting next to a man using a laptop computer.
A man is on his laptop while people looking on. 
A teen girl with braces smiles from her red chair.
A couple of small cell phones on a surface.
a woman talks on a phone while sitting on a bench 
A work cubicle is filled with two computers and other computer accessories.
People standing in front of and walking by a store.
A room full of sailors cut into a cake with a sword.
A number of drummers in a holiday parade.
A girl with a shirt saying Angel on it at a table.
Man with stubble using a cell phone at a table
A little girl using a smart phone while standing next to a tray of food.
A person walking down the sidewalk with a cell phone to their ear.
A man looks at a cell phone in a restaurant.
Various Apple products are displayed with bags on a bed. 
a person taking a photo in a mirror 
A laptop, cell phone and bottled water on a backyard table
Someone trying to take a photo using their cellphone.
A person is playing with electronics on his desk.
A woman taking a picture of the back of her top.
There is a woman on a cell phone riding a motorcycle.
A beautiful blond haired woman eating a giant slice of pizza.
Three business people on an elevator with wooden panels.
A cell phone screen displaying someones Facebook page.
Girl in knit hat sitting on curb near red fire hydrant and black iron fence in front of advertisement for apartments on the brick wall of a building and next to a package of flowers and black bag.
Two men walking down the sidewalk while looking at their phones.
A man jumping a skateboard over a cement bench.
An older man sits talking on a small bench.
Man in a dress shirt checking his cellphone in public. 
A display of food including rice, vegetables, bread, and a drink.
A person sits in front of a desk with a keyboard tray and mouse.
A woman in black jacket talking on cellphone and carrying a purse.
The woman is walking down the street while on her cellphone. 
Man and woman both holding cell phones to their ears while talking.
a guy sitting at the kitchen table with his lap top.
A man in a car is looking at his phone.
A woman in a wine store is on the phone.
A woman holding a phone up to her hear.
A man wearing a green trucker hat, jeans and at black and white striped long sleeved shirt, leaning against his bicycle.
there is a man that is taking a picture in the mirror
a blond wearing a black top and sitting in a white chair
a young woman is driving through a lot of trees 
there is a phone, wallet and keys sitting on a table
A man in a grey jacket, a man in a long-sleeved green shirt and a man in a black coat holding their cellphones. 
a cellphone mounted to a dashboard of a car
Several inflated kites in various animal shapes float in the air above dozens of spectators on a grassy field.
A man is looking at his small dog.
A cell phone that is on and plugged in.
a number of people sitting at a table with plates of food 
Men and women are gathered around on the corner
A man knelt down next to two small children.
A man smiles as he works on his Mac laptop.
A cat is playing with a mobile phone.
A man standing along the tracks with a red train leaving.
a couple stops to talk on the phone
A group of young people on a sidewalk in a shopping district.
A woman wearing a backpack, talks on her cell phone.
A man holding up a smart phone while brushing his teeth.
A man removing his jacket on a park bench alongside a woman.
Travel gear and extra clothes are laid out neatly.
Two people looking at their cell phones in close proximity.
A brown dog laying on some clothes and a pillow on the floor.
Men in cosplay shop at a game store.
Computer monitor of old generation from the brand Apple
A man emphasizing the smartphone he is holding.
Someone is holding a cordless phone over his lap.
A cow walking in a street by some people.
A couple of men and a woman having conversation at a convention.
There is toaster oven, cell phone, laptop, lamp, and various small items on this desk. 
A blonde woman holding a cell phone to her ear.
A man is using a phone booth on a city street.
a man with a headscarf holding an umbrella.
A cellphone being used to read a qr code on a tee shirt.
The computer desk also has two cell phones on it.
Woman showing cell phone while seat in comfortable seat.
A woman looking at some maps that are laying on a hotel bed.
A woman stopped in the middle of a pathway looking at her cell phone. 
Smart phone sitting in a red case being hand held by someone.
A elderly woman is walking along a beach.
A seminar has been set up while people sit in front of laptops and open cell phones.
A gentleman showing another gentleman something on his phone.
Two women bake together at a kitchen island.
A woman in a red dress with a black handbag standing on the street while holding a cell phone to her ear.
A person swiping their cell phone in Microsoft Office.
a close up of a cake with candles 
A group of people gathered to watch an event.
Two men make faces as they are dressed in evil costumes.
A man looks at his phone while relaxing on a park bench. 
A man is holding onto his small Nokia phone.
An open suitcase near a wall with a box in it.
a person is shown holding on to a phone 
A woman holding an umbrella is holding a cell phone.
A bedroom with an orange blanket covered bed siting next to a room full of creepy pictures and a laptop computer.
Man with cell phone inside plastic tent with pictures on outside.
A man sticks his head out of a train window.
a man that has a camera in his hand
A computer monitor sitting on top of a desk next to sound equipment.
Two women are in a kitchen and one of them is cutting a pizza.
A dinner table has been reverted to a home office.
Three children sit on the far side of a table containing several pizza pans.
A woman and two men looking at a laptop screen.
A crowd of people walking down the sidewalk
A woman talking on a cell phone checks her watch.
A laptop computer with many cute personalized accessories. 
A man with blonde hair in front of his computer.
there are two children playing with games alone
People sitting in chairs in a waiting room.
The table is covered with many different items.
Two computers, a phone, books, and paper on an office desk.
A backpack, laptop, pens, scissors, calculator, tape, a notebook and other stationary supplies.
A crossed eyed man holding a remote in his mouth.
A purse sitting on top of a table with it's contents splayed all over it.
A picture of a girl holding a cellphone surrounded by many pictures of the same girl and cellphone.
A man working on a computer at a table.
Beer, burger and fries lunch at a restaurant
A group of people sitting on a wooden bench.
An attractive young woman speaking on a cell phone.
Two computer monitors are the centerpiece of a cluttered office space.
a man talking on a cell phone as he crosses the street
Two men and a woman sitting on a park bench.
A woman leaning on a wall and talking on a cell phone.
A man with a goatee smiling and talking on the phone
A man that is sitting at a laptop.
A man popping the top of a champagne bottle.
two people standing on the sidewalk , with one person looking at a cell phone.
A woman is sitting at a table and she has her cigarette lit and looking at her cell phone.
A woman holding a cell phone walks down a city street. 
a desk with a laptop and cell phone 
A group of people dressed as zombies stand in a park.
A man who looks like bill clinton is talking on his device at a stadium.
A man talking on an old style cell phone.
a couple of people that are sitting at a table
A chef prepares a meal while diners eat nearby.
a yellow street sign stating when you can turn on a street
A freshly shorn sheep with two older men
There is a festival of some kind going on with tents and balloons
Woman taking pictures of something while at the edge of water.
A young lady sitting on a fence in the city.
A woman is looking at her cell phone.
A table with many laptops on top of it.
A red double decker bus is parked on a street.
A man operates his telephone and another electronic
A young lady on a computer screen holding an electronic device. 
A large white bed and a desk in a room.
A man talking on a cell phone while in ski gear. 
The man is sitting down and going through his paperwork.
Two people bending over looking in a small refrigerator. 
A picture of a plate full of food with silverwear next to it.
a man and woman are sitting at a table with their food
A woman riding a bike with a basket on it.
A group of people walking down a street on a sidewalk.
A doll holding up its hands in front of a plane.
a woman holding onto a glass with something red in it
A young child holding a cell phone in her hand
Woman looking at the digital screen on her digital camera.
A person holding a smart device in their hand.
A man smiles while working at his computer.
Two women sit on a curb holding umbrellas
Two different kind of cell phones sitting on a table
The man holds the cell phone up in front of his face.
A bunch of laptops sitting on a kitchen table. 
a group of people are standing on the street one is holidng an umbrella
A man holding a smart phone in his right hand.
The man talking on his cell phone looks into the desert.
A black dog laying on a bed in a room.
A woman handing a microphone to a man during a baseball game
The problem with wooden piers is that they take a lot of upkeep.
A guy is posing in a business suit and sunglasses while holding a razor. 
A man laying on a bed while using a laptop.
Three people are showing off their smartphone screens.
Several people standing around in a parking lot
three people standing near a table and chair
a large group of pointing their cell phone upward
A laptop computer is open next to lit lamp.
a man standing at the corner of a side walk talking on the phone 
Very casually dressed people crowd the bus and send messages.
A man taking a picture of a car.
a woman sits at a subway station bench and looks at her phone
A woman on her back smiles at her friend
The person is packing essentials for his trip. 
There are four laptops open on the desk. 
Elephant reaches through it's fence to stick it's trunk close to the kids.
The cellphone is left on the desk next to the computer.
a person holding some food over a plate
a bunch of old cell phones sitting on a counter
a red cellphone some glasses and brown menus
Two men playing a game with frisbees in grassy area.
A young person playing baseball, holding a bat in the batters box.
A woman holding a drink in her right hand.
Three men sit on couches and chairs in a living room and each one is holding a pizza box while drinks and plates sit on a coffee table in the room.
A man in a fuzzy hat is talking on his cell phone.
A man taking a picture of the person he is sitting next to at a table.
A woman is reading a text message and laughing.
Some people standing in a very small kitchen.
A grumpy looking man checks his cell phone in the park.
A pile of cellphones are lying in the dirt.
a group of people sit around a table 
A computer and an electronic tablet sitting on a desk.
A girl on her bike sits at the side of a busy street and talks on her cell phone. 
Several computers turned on on an office desk.
a group of people sitting at a banquet table with drinks 
A older man enjoying a variety of pastries and breads. 
A woman sitting on some cement blocks looking at her cellphone while a man stands in the street behind her also looking at his cellphone.
A woman looking at a piece of paper with a boy.
Several men looking at phone in one's hand.
two people standing using cell phones near one another
A man sitting on a rock formation while on his cell phone.
Light through a lattice shines on a man taking a photograph of himself. 
a person sitting at a table with a laptop
there is a man and a small child sitting on a bench together
Several people sitting down next to each other.
A women who is holding her cell phone is opening it as she is looking down.
a person holding on to a phone 
A woman in a defensive stance with a tennis racquet on a court.
A man in a suit and tie standing with a cellphone to his ear.
A cell phone sits atop some note cards and a compact disc. 
A cargo train cart in a  train station. 
A man talks on a cellphone near a building.
a wood table with four computers and pen and paper
a asian girl with a black hat  talking on her cellphone 
A bright blue eyes baby holding a smart phone wearing a blue outfit.
A young woman on a cellphone smiling and walking.
A man speaking on a phone next to a woman
A couple books are arranged on a desk next to a tablet, clock and a picture.
A woman with a large black bag standing and showing something to another woman who is seated on a street bench.
A half eating slice of cake and a fork on a plate.
a laptop is next to a reader on a desk
seven people sitting at a dinner table all wearing green shirts but one
a knife and some other things in some pictures
A cup of coffee is on a table next to a laptop computer. 
a man sitting at a table while talking on the cell phone 
a laptop sitting on a table, with a beer and tv in background.
A man and woman sitting across the table from each other looking at their cellphones.
A man sitting on a chair with a dog in his lap.
A woman with a cell phone to her ear sharing a smile.
a plaque that says "genius at work" on top of a desk with a wallet, cell phone, microscope and other items
A man is standing on the sidewalk talking on a cellphone.
Military personnel are in camo and talking on their phones in a shop.
A tabletop full of plates of food and beer.
Two cellphones sit beside an unused wooden clipboard.
Two cell phones of different types are sitting next to each other.
a man in a cat suit talking on a phone 
a couple of computers are sitting on a desk
Woman smiling with cell phone next to man holding bottle.
a large bear is standing on a road near some people
A man and woman posing for a picture while another person uses his cellphone
Woman wearing headscarf and trench coat using cell phone.
Picture of man wearing sun glasses siting in a chair in the grass.
Group of people walking in front of a green double decker bus. 
A man sits on hit laptop and desktop behind a messy desk.
Dessert plates are on a table with a red tablecloth.
A man is taking a selfie with his i-phone.
Several accessories laid out on a table, including a cell phone, a pair of glasses and a flash drive.
A large family gathering has breakfast before a fireplace decked with Christmas stockings.
a woman with a bluebag looking at a cellphone.
Two people sit far apart near a huge wall.
A man in a suit pointing to a cell phone in his left hand.
A woman standing on a sidewalk talking on her cell phone.
An order of onion rings on a plate with a hamburger.
A love seat sits between two small end tables.
A person holding a cell phone in their left hand.
a laptop on a bed a picture and a couch
reporters pointing microphones toward a man so he can talk to them
Two boys and a man sit at a restaurant table
A man walking across a rope while holding an umbrella.
an office work space with keyboard, mouse and 2 monitors
Two big bright colored trains near the platform.
A man is sleeping with his arms under the pillow.
The man talking to an elderly man is having a meal with two children. 
A woman looking at a cell phone while carrying an umbrella. 
Man in a tiger suit in front of another man on the phone
A bedroom with a fully made made and a couch.
A man holding an old cellphone up to a mirror.
cell phone leaning against a rock on dirt road
A person taking a picture through a rear view mirror
A man and woman sitting on a dock reading their cellphones.
A couple of guys, one on a cell phone, one on a laptop.
A man sitting on a bench is working while two girls look out a window behind them.
An open laptop computer on a table displaying the keyboard.
A  man wearing a red jacket while holding a smart device.
A man is talking on his cell phone while riding a bike.
A man with a surprised look posing for a picture with people, a bicycle and cars in the background.
A cubicle has a desktop computer and a variety of decorations. 
a lady that is stand up in a snowy field
Amen on his cell phone walking in the square of your city
A mob of people standing around a burning pile.
The two men is at the boating dock.
Young man picture of receipt with the phone.
A man holding a cell phone and talking.
A room with a bed, some curtains, a shelf and a television.
A man in jeans laying on his back in the grass and looking at his cell phone that he is holding.
A laptop and laptop bag lie on the floor.  
The woman in a pink sweater looks into her phone.
A man using a cell phone wearing a red sweater.
Round table with two chairs right next to the bed
Kitchen shot of vintage white cabinets with silver and black appliances.
A man is taking some bread out of a tin pan.
A man that is sitting down holding a cellphone.
a desk with two monitors a keyboard and a mouse
Several people standing behind chairs at a table set for a fancy dinner.
A woman with a towel and a bag takes a photo with her telephone
A cell phone is stowed in a clip holder in an office.
Three men are sitting on a park bench.
A woman in red tights is in the middle of the street.
Group of adults using laptop computers in living room.
A man is laying on a bed looking at a cell phone.
A desk with a lap top and a computer and keyboard on top of it.
Bedroom with a bike near the dresser and lights
an effected image of a man with an old tech phone
A wooden desk features a laptop, computer monitor, keyboard, and other electronics.
a person siting on a bench talking on a cell phone 
A woman drinks a glass of wine while food sits on a table at a restaurant.
a man talking on a cell phone with his mouth agape 

An empty table that is set up for dining.
A man wading a river admiring a bear in the distance.
a couple of people are standing with some skis
a bottle of beer sitting next to a cell phone on the table 
A woman is smiling at her phone while she uses it.
The desk has multiple computers set up. 
A man, with other people in the background, is sitting at a picnic table with a cell phone in front of him while he uses a fork and knife to cut a dessert on a plate.
a hand holding a hot dog wrapped in white paper
A barefoot woman sits on a bench using her cell phone on a sunny day.
This is  a busy corner piled high with books.
Two people playing a video game at home.
A group of people standing next to each other.
Two hotdogs in a bun on a wood table 
This is a tray table with a phone and keyboard on it.
A young girl playing on her cell phone with a cigarette in her hand. 
A picture of students with laptops attending a training seminar with a speaker by the podium.
Two young women relaxing on bed using cell phones.
a gun and some phones are on a table
A man and woman are siting on the couch playing the wii.
A woman taking a picture in front of a statue.
a young white male talking on a cell phone.
a close up of a cell phone on a table near earbuds
A white stove in a yellow kitchen with a spray bottle.
A kid in pajamas plays around with a cell phone camera. 
A person holding an open mobile phone and a camera. 
The ladies are using umbrellas in the hot sun.
A small child holding a phone sitting near a stuffed animal.
Woman tailing on a cell phone by parked cars
A businessman walking down a city sidewalk talking on the phone.
A woman walks down a street near a gratified building. 
A  flip phone broken in half by cingular
A man staring back at the camera man is sitting in the passengers seat.
An old car with surfboards on the top.
The smiling woman is checking her cell phone.
Man in blue coat using phone on busy city sidewalk.
A man and a woman giving a speech with a  video game playing in back.
A picture of someone's living room with furniture and appliances.
A desk with three computer monitors side by side.
A person touching a mobile device on a wooden table with phone and keyboard.
An outdated television set with a modern device on top of it.
A woman n grey shirt leaning on table with pint of beer.
Two guys standing near a row of toilets.
A glorious photograph of steam rising from a mug of coffee.
A shot of a crowded city street at night.
A group of people eating at a dining table. 
A cell phone marketer encounters a woman walking on the street.
a man using a remote control while playing a video game
A bathroom with a double sink and mirrors.
The living room and dining room of a house
A black cats rests on a wooden desk.
A woman looking down at her cell phone.
a kid holding two cellphones black and showing it off
A phone, computer, and books on a wooden table
A view of a group of people sitting on park benches.
The cat is looking at the woman*s reflection in the mirror.
two men are talking on cellphones at a table
A boy holding a cell phone up to his right ear and plugging his other ear with his fingers.
A woman is speaking on her mobile phone.
A desk with a telephone, computer, laptop, a cell phone and a bottle on it. 
Man taking picture while crouching on ground by two parked bicycles. 
a suitcase with lots of clothes and gadgets
A woman takes a picture of a child eating a birthday cake.
A person dressed in a pink teddy bear costume standing on a street corner with a group of people waiting to cross the street.
A happy young lady that is showing off her latest vase that she bought.
a lot of people in a classroom setting 
Several different types of cell phones are shown here.
a woman in a green dress and some parking meters
People standing in the sand near blue tarps.
two men in floppy hats check their phones.
Two people working on a laptop in a computer lab.
two people walking on a city street wit ha cell phone
A  large living room area with matching features.
Man with a courier bag on a mobile phone on a crowded street.
Computer monitors on desk with keyboard and other electronic equipment.
a woman in a brown jacket and her cellphone
a woman looks at cell phone near a plastic model figure
A smiling man holding two cell phones in the air.
A girl at a desk studying with her laptop computer
A MAN IS SITTIGN ON THE COUCH WITH HIS CELL PHONE
Laptop and two computer screens on a desk overlooking a snowy yard
A collection of different smart phones on a table.
An open dining room with curved chairs and long table
A carriage with two people on it being drawn by two brown horses.
Color distorted image of a person with a cellphone .
this is a sesk with toys covering it
Adult man standing in kitchen making mixture in blender.
A teen aged boy is talking on his cell phone.
A girl carrying a backpack and holding a cell phone.
A smart phone connected to a laptop sitting on a table.
Two athletic men are sitting on a bench.
A woman standing with her cell phone in front of her face in front of a tree and a man staring at her. 
A person is sitting on a couch reading.
What looks like a pale mountain top area shows other mountains, trees and lowlands behind it, and to the foreground, a young lady wearing a black and white ensemble and listening on a cell phone. 
A man taking a photograph of a monkey with a cell phone.
A photo of a breakfast plate at a restaurant. 
a desk with a computer on it sits in front of a chair
A shirtless man talking on the phone standing in the grass
A desk that has five computers on it
Sepia photograph of a man on a cellphone next to a bridge.
A den with a couch, chair, ottoman, and a television.
A picture of a man watching a hockey game on a laptop.
A messy workspace equipped with two computers and everything else.
A woman smiling and giving the middle finger.
A group of people seated around a long table having a meal.
some men are standing outside on the sidewalk
A cell phone and some speakers on a table.
A small toddler is holding two electronic devices.
A shirtless man running on a paved walkway next to the beach.
Three very devilish looking girls at a party.
An iPhone resting on a round black holder.
Someone using a cell phone while brushing their teeth
A LG cellphone is flipped open revealing a message.
a cat laying in a room on some carpet 
A man eating pizza and other things near his wallet.
a plate with a little cheese pizza on it 
a young female in a casual dining place on her mobile device
A guy in a cast sits on the edge of his bed. 
A very neat person lives in this room.
A man standing in line and looking at his cell phone.
A couple of people standing in a room.
a person standing in a door way with a cellular phone.
a boy with purple hands is touching a phone
A person sitting on a concrete bench with a mask on.
A man recording a music concert with his flip phone
Girls posing behind a stack of pizzas in pans.
A man taking a photograph of himself in the mirror.
Floor level view of woman with dark stockings and high heeled boots in crowd.
Two men using Nintendo wii remotes to play a game. 
A man in a straw hat is sitting on a beach.
A laptop sitting on an desk surrounded by toys.
a chair that is sitting in front of a laptop.
A group of people standing around a table looking at cell phones.
A kid sits and holds a cell phone.
A kitchen sink sitting under a window in a  kitchen.
A wooden desk with a laptop sitting on it.
A man smiles as he talks on a cell phone.
Two bundled up men sit in lawn chairs next to a row of tents and a protest sign. 
A baby sitting on the floor holding a phone.
Four people sit at a banquet table with nearly finished plates and glasses.
a male wearing shorts is looking at his cellphone
a table top with a bunch of electronics on it 
A black and white picture of a man wearing a turban walking down a street.
Professional tennis player greeting her coach with knuckles.
Five motorcycles parked and a man standing next to one of them.
A man and a little boy sleeping together in a bed.
A man in a jeff cap is talking on a phone.
A small sofa and coffee table in an apartment living room.
a couple of teens standing in a hallway while one uses a cell phone 
A desktop computer sitting next to a  laptop computer.
A man writing something down while on a cell phone.
A woman uses a laptop computer in a busy area.
Two men laughing in front of their laptops.
A workman placing a sign on the corner, to announce he's working there.
Four men sit around a table with laptops.
A woman in a red jacket carrying a red purse looks at her red phone.
A group of people standing around a woman with a box of donuts.
an old car driving on a city street 
A man listens to the phone while a woman watches.
Two people look at their cell phones while at a table.
The spacious apartment has white walls and minimal furnishings.
Two teenage girls in jackets wearing face paint.
A woman smiling while using her cell phone.
A woman talking on the phone in a black and white photo.
A photo of a laptop on a bed with a TV in the background.
People walking up and down a city sidewalk.
The man is sitting down resting after his tennis match.
People stand against a wall watching a man carry a large kite.
Man dressed as a clown is eating food. 
A laptop computer sitting on top of a set of three boxes.
a female with yellow nail polish holding mobile phone to her ear
A close of a woman standing in a field holding a cell phone.
A solar energy panel is on display while the usage is shown for output.
A group of men sitting at a table.
A notebook computer is open next to a desktop computer.
some suitcases waiting to be picked up at the airport
A Samsung fliphone rests in front of a purse.
Several commuters standing in line and waiting for a train.
a kid with a phone putting it on the ear
A person standing in front of a large temple.
Someone iphone that is face down on the black table.
A computer desk with a keyboard, laptop and computer monitor.
The fireman is talking on his cell phone.
The person is watching a screen on her laptop.
A man holding a cell phone and another man holding a camera.
A desk with a very bright computer screen on it.
The woman doesn't look like she likes her present
a lady in glasses in a car through a mirror
Silver balls are lined up in the sand as people mill about in the background.
A computer desk with contains two computers 
A person on a cell phone in a room.
A person typing a text on a cell phone.
A group of children look entertained as they travel.
Three people sitting on a couch looking a binder of paper.
There is a group of people eating food at a dinner table
A dog sleeps at the foot of a couch where his person is lying
A group of people standing around each other in front of a building.
The people stop for food at the lunch truck.
A group of men stand at small tables drinking wine.
A desk with a computer, coffee cup, and reading material.
A guy on the phone looks angrily in thedistance
Four men stand using their cell phones together.
a laptop has a bunch of stickers on it
A woman is staring at a laptop computer.
A woman is taking a pic if a man in a black suit
Multiple people talking on their cell phones while walking down a very busy street
A man leaning on a table with three cell phones in front of him. 
A man performing a trick on a skateboard outside.
Blurred image of a person outdoors at night holding a beer glass and using a mobile phone.
A man wearing a suite and checking his cell phone.
People are being pulled by a horse in a buggy in the city.
A man wearing a hat holding a cell phone in his hands. 
A young man holding a cell phone with lightning painted on it
A man on a horse and a woman on her cell phone at an outdoor function 
Some women in the street wearing skimpy clothing.
a kid smiles as he holds a cell phone
A baby holding a phone over a wooden table.
A woman sitting in a chair as a hand holds a cell phone.
The phone case is made to look like a shoe.
A group of people are waiting around with luggage. 
Two men wearing safety vests and construction hats on a street. 
people sitting at a table on laptops working
A man sitting at a table in a wheelchair while on a phone. 
Someone's hand holding a Sony Ericsson cell phone.
Some people gathered around a couple of pizzas.
A young child talking on a cell phone wearing a colorful stripped shirt.
A red bus sits outside of a red brick building.
flickr on the computer monitor on top of the desk.
A woman looking at her cellphone in the middle of crowd.
On a table is a newspaper and a plate with a sandwich and potato chips and a cup of coffee.
A person that is  taking a picture on the street.
People working on computers at a low table
A baseball player getting ready to hit a baseball.
A couple of people on a taped off motorcycle
A woman in white shirt looking at a piece of cake on white plate.
A man holding up  a cell phone while wearing a yellow shirt.
Two Indian women in colorful garb standing barefoot with two Indian men. 
The man is leaning on the ledge talking on his cel phone.
A woman is walking through the park texting on her cell phone.
a small device is plugged in to a computer
A young man is outside on a log looking on his phone.
Two women stop and talk in a busy sidewalk
A street cleaning truck moves down the street.
A smartphone is being held with a hand that has a band-aid. 
A bottle of beer and an old cell phone.
close up of a person with a white hat operating a device
A woman beneath an umbrella checking her cellular phone.
a computer is on display for a group of people
Two people sitting and one person standing smiling by a table. 
A person relaxing in the middle of a room full of monitors.
The man sits at a table with his laptop.
A man using his cell phone while standing on the street with a suitcase 
A woman on the cell phone sitting next to a restaurant character. 
A women sitting on a bench while talking on the phone.
A school bag with contents on the couch 
Two young women having a glass of beer in a restaurant.
A man uses a mobile device as he sits at a table. 
two people and the baby is playing with a cellphone
A room with a couch, chairs, television and a table. 
A man sits on a bed talking with hand gestures. 
A man talking on a cell phone in a backyard.
The man has his headphones on playing on his cell phone. 
A woman talks on her cellphone outside a building
a woman eating out of a small bowl next to a computer 
People seated at tables on a  large outdoor patio  
a man sitting in a booth holding two phones
A woman with a bag and its contents placed out before her on a bed.
A dog in a leather jacket and hat riding a child's motorcycle.
A woman having a meal in a restaurant and using a cell phone.
A motley crowd of tourists are walking along the beach.
A bus is parked next to a sidewalk in front of a building. 
two males wearing black and giving hand signals
A red dog lays sprawled out on a gray couch next to an end table that features a wedding picture and a lamp.
Three people eating and smiling at the camera  
A MAN IS TAKING A SELF PICTURE 
A woman takes a picture of her steak sub dinner
A laptop and a personal computer sit upon a table.
The old man in purple robes is using a cell phone.
A computer is set up on a desk with a screen, a keyboard and a mouse.
A man in a suit talking on a cell phone next to a wall.
A man in a suit speaking to another man
Woman with hat talking on phone in middle of crowd
A cat is laying on a table with a remote.
A computer monitor with a keyboard next to some beer bottles.
Several friends are setting around a dinner table.
A man puts chocolate frosting onto a cake.
A busy road in London shows several red busses and smaller cars as pedestrians walk next to them. 
A person holding a cell phone near a plant.
Young girl posed with a bunch of cell phones and a "New Years" party hat.
A man and a woman walking arm and arm while he holds a cell phone. 
A large crowd of people walk in the middle of a city. 
A vacant workspace with a desktop and laptop, and a paper notebook.
A woman on the phone near a bunch of people.
A phone and another device with a battery attached are shown close up.
He appears to be talking on the phone with a serious face.
People are in the park  chatting, walking the paths, and playing frisbee.
A man rides a skateboard with a crowd watching.
a desk with a keyboard mouse and monitor
A helmeted police officer riding on a motorcycle. 
A woman in blue shirt holding two cellphones with cars in background.
The young boy is riding his skateboard outside. 
a man that has a micro phone in his hand
a man sitting on a couch between two people using laptops 
boys and a girl talking outside in a courtyard
A mature woman checks her cell phone while another woman converses with her.
A group of women are doing crafts at the table.
A man sitting at a desk behind a microphone holding a phone
Several green plants rest in pots  on a table.
a couple of people that are sitting in a room
A phone and tolitries lined up on a counter top.
A cellphone sits on the desk next to the headphones.
two males are sitting at a table with food and drinks
Two people are holding and looking at an IPAD.
some women with wigs and baseball uniforms and cellphones
A tv stand with a television and a laptop.
A red haired woman talking on a cell phone. 
Two men look into a cell phone near a laptop.
Several people sitting to eat at a restaurant with a lady holding a cellphone in the foreground.
A cat is sitting on top of the keyboard of a laptop.
Two women sitting on the side walk in line.
A desk with a laptop and a desktop computer on it.
A woman wearing a jacket is talking on a phone.
A view of a city from a man's desk 
Commercial kitchen with workers preparing assortment of foods.
this is an image of people eating at a restaurant
a laptop that is laying on a bed
A woman cutting a cake at a table with plates and glasses on it.
A desk is set up with all sorts of computer equipment.
A person holding a cell phone in their hand.
The two friends are checking their phone messages.
a close up of a person talking on a cell phone
A young man laying on a pallet while another person operates a laptop.
A watermelon purse, a pig backpack, several coin purses, diapers, an apple and other items laid out.  
A laptop next to a glass of wine and a cellphone.
A bathroom with a bath tub next to a sink.
A woman taking a selfie in front of a bathroom mirror.
A hand holding something black up in the air 
A cop sitting in a cop car in front of a building.
A man and a woman are looking at a laptop.
A woman is sitting on a bench and talking on a phone.
Man sitting at table using handset in conjunction with cell phone.
A group of older women look on as one of them checks her phone.
Woman on park bench holding a St Bernard dog on a leash.
A man is holding a cell phone near a woman holding a baby.
A young woman on a cell phone on a busy city street.
Two computers are left on in the dark.
A brown dog and a white dog are lying down on rumpled sheets.
Altered photograph of a man on a cell phone
A white smart phone is being put on display.
A desk with a laptop and monitor are powered on as they sit on a desk.
The lobby has a few people in it but for the most part it isn't very busy. 
A man standing on a street n front of a bus.
A man holds a controller as he plays video games.
A woman laying on a couch talking on a cell phone.
A living room with a white couch and other furniture.
A dinner tables with plates, beverage and utensils.
A cell phone is mounted on a car dash board.
A man holding up a microphone to his face.
A woman holds an open green umbrella and stands in front of a green shuttered door.
man lying down on a woman while other people walk by
A person holding a smart device in their hands.
A pink rose sitting next to an emo hipster chick.
A young woman gestures to the camera while on the phone.
A man holding a child while sitting on a ledge.
The phones and other electronic devices beneath table with keyboard and mouse.
Two people are eating pizza from a plate on a table with a can of Coke and a bottle on it.
A man is eating cake with a big spoon. 
A woman holding food in her hand while sitting at a table. 
two computer monitors each with a different colored pair of angel wings
A cluttered restaurant has a boy at a table with a phone.
A photo of a camera on a phone taking a photo of a woman laying down with another person doing something to her nose/ 
She can barely hold the very large teddy bear in her lap.
Family at a pizza restaurant posing for a picture before meal.
a woman and her fridnds dine in a nice cafe
A man is bent over a yellow fire hydrant.
A small minicomputer next to some old scissors.
A person that is pointing at something a house.
A little kid is standing in a room
A zookeeper showing people how to feed a giraffe
A purse, wallet and other content that would be in a purse.
People are sitting around an outdoor dining table.
an image of a man holding a cell phone for reception
A man at sunset on his cell phone near water.
A woman checking her cell phone while two men set at a table eating. 
Two girls standing next to each other and one of them is on a cellphone.
The people in the boat are holding three umbrellas. 
On this desk a is notebook and pen, a laptop computer, a computer monitor, keyboard, mouse, and an iPhone on a charger. 
A man standing in the forest looking at his phone.
An older British man on his motorcycle during a parade
A woman walking down a busy street with a sun umbrella talking on her phone.
A woman in a crowd looking at her cell phone.
A computer sits atop a computer desk with a coffee cup.
A man seated in a restaurant using a magnifying glass to look at a cell phone 
Crowd of people walking in snow in front of buildings
there are two lap tops on the table
a man inside of a car holding a dog out of the window 
A woman wearing a crown and holding a cellphone and a bottle of ketchup stnad sin front of a man in a pink shirt.
A young lady with a green bag is on her phone. 
A small modern desk beneath a flat screen tv,
A man with a smile talking on a cell phone.
An iphone and and a remote that is being used to control a tv or other device.
A motorcycle on display at an event show
Several people sit on park benches by the water.
Man showing off a personal pad system at a electronics store.
A desk with a keyboard, mouse and computer monitor.
a woman holding a sign reading slow at the road
a desk with a laptop and a monitor with a keyboard
Four people sitting on white plastic chairs with a big dragon head behind them.
A man sitting inside a green military truck talking to someone.
A row of metal doors leading to an airport concourse.
A woman smiles as she talks on a phone.
A red-headed guy gives the peace sign while posing beside an elephant sculpture.
a person with a view of a mountain and the sky
A young man holding and looking at a flip cell phone.
Women sitting at a table in a restaurant all looking at their phones 
two men and one woman are holding a large pair of scissors cutting a ribbon.
A large sandwich sitting on a table cut into pieces
A glass of wine is sitting next to a laptop on a table in a library. 
A person is doing technical with their desktop computer
A persons hand and four laptop computers on a desk
A young girl in a dress plays with an iPhone.
A man holds up a bundle of red strings while another man talks on the phone.
a black and white photo of people siting at different tables
A women who is holding a wine glass.
A woman is talking on her cell phone in front of a waterfall.
A man wearing eyeglasses and a short sleeved shirt holds a smart phone.
Funny close up of a man staring cross eyed at a remote control in his mouth.
a small pink cell phone on a table
Three people sitting at a table in a conference room 
A man is sitting on a wood bench in front of a mirror.
The woman uses her cell phone on the sidewalk with shops on it.
a desk with several keyboards, two screens and miscellaneous electronics
a person taking a photo in a mirror 
A woman with a cell phone and glasses.
A man in a sombrero talking on a cell phone.
A man standing on a balcony talking on his cell phone. 
A laptop computer with two phones on top of it.
A table with cell phones, books and bags 
Skater skates on his skateboard near a ramp
Short haired woman with a blue sleeveless shirt and dark sunglasses talking on her cell phone
A wooden table topped with personal items and a smart device.
Two men sitting on a couch looking at an iPad together
A man wearing a black suit and red neck tie.
A gathering of people standing around admiring motorcycles.
a woman talks on a phone in front of a slide out glass
A man who is looking at his cell phone.
a desk with a laptop a mouse and a book
Two laptops are on a computer desk with a cell phone.
A man taking a selfie in a room with red carpet.
Several people are standing around using their cell phones.
A white bed with a wooden head board.
The woman is using the computer at the table.
Two men sitting at a table with drinks in front of them.
Two men sitting in a courtroom next  to a table.
Commuters walk back and forth through the busy city streets. 
small nokia cellphone next to a lighter on a desk
a woman is holding up a cellphone in a restroom
A man talking on a phone while standing next to a street.
An open partially packed suitcase resting on the floor with a cell phone next to it.
A laptop connected to a flat screen tv.
a close up of a person sitting holding a cell phone 
A man showing another man something on a tablet.
A man at his desk asleep with cell phone in his hand
No, no, no please don't bite the cell phone.
A desktop and a laptop on a desk.
the woman is sitting down holding her phone to her ear
a table with a closed laptop and a jar of peanuts
A group of adults from behind holding umbrellas at night.
a desk with two monitors and a keyboard
A woman sits on the brick column using her cell phone.
A pizza sitting on top of a table with beers next to it.
A large group of people who are watching an event.
A smart phone, a watch and a pen on a table.
a person in a crowd of people holding up a cell phone
Man in monk robes walking down hallway on cell phone
A cell phone is sitting next to a pen, knife, and notebook.
Large group of people walking across the street.
A lady is observing three other people in the background. 
A large and nice hotel room with a king size bed.
A laptop is open on a table with coffee near by.
A white car is shown on a computer monitor.
A woman is talking on a cell phone. 
a vase of flowers sits near a photo and a candle
a baby holding a cell phone in its mouth
a man is holding some video game console controllers
A man standing in a parking lot talking on a cell phone. 
A man talking on his phone while sitting down in a chair.
there is a woman looking at a book and holding a phone
a phone with arms holding a piece of banana.
A man is seen in a mirror in a bathroom.
A student's desk with piles of textbooks, electronic equipment, and a snack of fresh fruit.
A man wearing a straw hat and a black shirt.
Four people standing on balcony and a parking meter 
 The street skateboarder is stopping for a smoke break.
A blanket spread across a couch with plants on the window sill beside it.
The two women at the pool are looking at something on the phone.
A person eating food, drinking Coke, and watching baseball.
A woman holding a cell phone near a building with twin towers.
Adults and children gather around a table with computers on it.
A cell phone screen that has a message written on it.
Group of men. Skateboard down a steep road.
A small group of people watch a man in white shorts ride his skateboard near small, white cones.
Two young men sitting on a couch playing a video game. 
In a park, a man in a dress shirt sits on a rock.
A man sits at the desk of an office. 
A couple of people that are sitting down on a curb.
A computer set up with two monitor screens. 
A young person holding a surfboard next to a man.
a person taking a picture on their phone
a woman eating pizza on a plate watching some one or something
a woman in white shirt talking on a cellphone.
a woman talking on a cell phone while under a tree
Two horses attached to a horse drawn carriage.
A man leaned against a rail on a boardwalk on a cell phone.
there are many different plates of food on this table
A young man smiling and having a beverage. 
A man wearing chainmail holding a cell phone.
A woman sitting on a bench looking at a cellphone.
Naked baby sitting on blanket in the middle of a grassy park.
a woman letting a cellphone rest on her face
Male hand holding an open flip style mobile phone.
Five young adults sit around the table playing cards.
People look at each other during a business meeting.
Man uses a device outside of an asian cuisine.
The little girl stopped walking to use the cell phone.
Several sodas and a laptop sit on a desk. 
A group of older people are having a picnic.
A small pizza on a paper plate. 
Young Asian female talking on a cellular phone.
Older woman talking on her personal flip phone.
This man is holding a cell phone and looking at it.
A man is sitting at a computer, holding a tape recorder, and smiling.
Many people are playing a sports video game while standing up.
Man and woman holding their cell phones up to the camera.
Several older women having a conversation at a wooden table.
A girl poses for a photo in the mirror but covers her face.
A group of people are getting ready to cross in a crosswalk
A woman sitting in a park and talking on her cellphone. 
A young couple are walking happily close together.
A man observing a screen on a cell phone.
A man that is holding a cellphone next to a group of people.
A woman looks at her phone in bed.
A young girl is talking on her cell phone.
an image of a toy cat on top of a cell phone
Several older adults walk down the street in a parade.
Man holding mobile phone in front of festive musicians and dancers.
There is a man holding a cell phone standing next to a woman.
Laptop computer next to cell phone and eyeglasses on table.
Someone is holding a cell phone with a case on it.
A computer desk with a guitar behind it.
Two people standing next to each other against a wall.
A family watches while two boys play a singing game.
A mouse sitting by a keyboard on a desktop
two people standing in a field with a mountain in the background
A group of people gathered on a street, some with picket signs.
Three ladies drinking on a wooden patio with other people in the background.
A young woman talking on her cell phone
A man riding a subway train next to luggage.
Three laptops are open at a table with cell phones.
A baseball player is trying to take his swing on the field. 
Two computers side by side on a desk.
Male tennis players carry their equipment as they stand outside the tennis court
Two people holding up smart devices in colorful cases.
A desk that has several cups and a computer on it.
A woman is staring while holding a cell phone. 
A woman sitting down talking on a phone
A man in jeans walks ourside holding a cell phone.
a green couch some pictures a table and a pillow
A person types on a laptop computer while sitting at a desk.
A person holding a cell phone in their hand.
A clean and organized kitchen sink and counter.
A man with a phone rubber banded to his head.
a bunch of electronics, cords and assorted books and pens next to a laptop and backpack
A group of women sitting around a table of fruit and vegetables.
A man that is leaning against a rail holding a cellphone.
A man sitting in a crowded locker room.
Two representatives from two different governments shake hands.
A man is a dark suit wearing sunglasses
A procession of police motorbikes down a crowd-lined narrow street in Europe
A young man smoking a cigarette and talking on a cell phone

Book on small wooden desk with computer monitor.
A laptop computer set up in front of a desk top computer
Group of people standing around at a wine event with bottles on shelves
There is a cake with many animals on the name Theodore on it. 
A man in a black shirt using a cell phone
A man at a bar holding a phone.
A woman talking on her cell phone holding it to her ear with her shoulder.
A woman walking while holding a cell phone to her ear.
Three people are sitting in the room playing video games
A young child holding a cell phone to their ear in front of a creek.
A police officer in a blue protective vest looks towards his colleague.
a well cooked pizza and cut into pieces
A man standing on top of a field of grass.
A cat sitting on a bed looking at a cell phone
A woman in a restroom is checking her cell phone.
A man sitting on a park bench looking at something he's holding.
A woman in black sits at a bench and looks at her phone.
a lady talking to a smiling man while another man takes a picture
