There are many types of lights shining including building lights, car lights, and a street light. 
a green fire hydrant surrounded by three yellow poles
A young man reads a book on a wooden bench as others sit on the wooden steps outside an urban building.
Rain makes the brick streets shiny and dramatic
A green sign that is on the side of a bridge.
An exit from a paid parking lot, across from a stop sign.
a white and blue tram some cars a street and buildings
A traffic light signals that bicyclists have a green light. 
A yellow bus parked on a road in front of a house.
A black and white photograph of a city at night during rain with people holding umbrellas walking around.
A few people on motorbikes riding along the street.
There is an image of an outdoor place. 

A very busy street with cars and buildings lined up.
A red and yellow fire truck with ladders on top
high traffic in a busy intersection of a city 
Intersection of busy city on snowy frilled day.
a street view of a traffice light, houses and vehicles
A group of bikers gather on their motorcycles on a downtown street.
Topside view of an empty intersection with traffic lights.
A beautiful woman sitting on the ground leaning up against a silver fire hydrant.
Commuter bus passing by an intersection with an advertisement on the side. 
A car on a city street with street lights in the night
A traffic light with a woman waiting to cross.
a close up of a traffic light with a street sign
Cars are traveling on a road where snow has cleared to the side. 
three green traffic lights some buildings and trees
A man tweaking a fire hydrant to expel water
A tall building is topped with a billboard and beside a smaller market place.
A street sign hanging from the side of a pole.
A view of a street with a bus and cars travelling on it. 
A double-decker bus on an empty street driving by the bike lane.
A group of trucks going down the road together. 
A firefighter removing the caps off of a fire hydrant. 
a city with cars and traffic lights made of lego
A group of people with skateboards next to a fence.
A traffic light on 32nd street in a city.
The city streets are busy this time of night.
Long city street with mountains on the horizon. 
A church is sitting in the background with automobiles driving in front of it.
The large cargo train is green and yellow.
a truck sits parked next to some other cars 
A stop sign below a traffic light in front of a tall building.
A stoplight at 10th Avenue looking into the business district with high rise buildings in the background
View of bushes next to traffic lights and moving cars.
A bicycle is attached to the front of this bus.
A great many birds sit on power lines.
A street at night with a grey dog and vehicles.
A red trolley car on the street next to the sidewalk.
A row of birds perched on a traffic light structure between two buildings.
a person skating on a skateboard on a sidewalk at night.
a male on an orange red black and white motorcycle
A train riding on the track near a traffic light. 
A train running down a railroad track towards a stop.
A city street with cars, pedestrians, and a bus.
A fire hydrant spilling water into a street near a fire truck.
A train is driving on the train tracks. 
A night image of some buildings filled with some beautiful lights. 
Street signs point in many directions in a city.
a train that is going down a train track
People on motorbikes and in cars wait at a busy intersection.
A group of boats making their way into a harbor past the Sydney Opera House.
A street scene of an intersection with people and cars.
A man is looking at many parked motorcycles. 
The street sign for 1st Ave with a traffic signal.
A metal pole with sign signs and lights on it
A bus is moving through a green light in the middle of a city.
A woman walking down the road, with an umbrella in the rain.
A white and black street sign giving a warning that there is no exit between midnight and 7AM.
Old green truck on roadway at intersection in large city.
A woman sitting behind a man on a motorcycle.
A truck is shown with a vehicle on the back of it.
Close up of a stoplight in an industrial area.
A light blue bus is parked by the sidewalk.
a person riding a scooter on a city street
A picture of a empty street very late at night.
A passenger train that is going over a bridge.
The locomotive is slowing down as it passes through  a crossing with its lights on. 
An empty bus is parked on a street. 
four motor cycle cops on a city street

Along this street there are cars parked on the side and moving down the road.
A green traffic light sitting in front of a sky scrapper building.
A NON-CROWDED STREET IN THE CITY WITH NO TRAFFIC.

A yellow school bus driving down a street next to a red trucks.
A brown clock tower next to busy street and lamppost.
a towering clocktower by a city street at night.
A red double decker bus drives by Big Ben and other buildings.
Two bicycle rickshaws move down the crowded city street.
Two silver and blue fire hydrants side on either side of a road.
A busy traffic filled street in front or large  buildings.
this is a man taking a picture with a girl
A crowd is protesting near a stop light.
A crowd of people crossing across a street.
The bicycle rider rides across the dark street while a car approaches.
A sculpture of a hot rod sitting on a sidewalk.
a wooden pole with 12 home made street signs
a man in a skate board jumps over some stairs 
some people are crossing a street with umbrellas
People are standing on a street corner holding umbrellas.
City intersection with different varieties of cars in the daytime. 
Car lights shine brightly on the night street.
A leaning signal pole is propped up by another pole
A smiling young man stands beneath an Obama street sign.
Boys hanging out on the curb of a street 
A woman looking at the traffic light on the grass. 
A man with a backpack on a motorcycle.
An outdoor gathering of people with political signs.
a street some cars a traffic light and different signs
Children in hats are looking toward a traffic signal. 
A van with a face painted on its hood driving through street in china
A bown and tan double decker tour bus.
Traffic signs and cones directing vehicles on a street
A one way street sign on top of a pole next to a traffic light.
A walking sign is posted high on a busy street in daylight
A New York street fair blocked off with a barrier
A stopped train at a train crossing with people crossing the tracks.
A man looks to his left while holding a blue umbrella on a rainy day in the street.
a group of motorcycles are lined up against the sidewalk
People walking on a city street in the rain. 
A city street filled with traffic and line with traffic lights.
Sunlight shining down and reflecting off of a body of water.
A street sign by a busy street at night.
The desk is full of computers, paperwork, and books.  
A couple of men walk on a tree lined street while a traffic light stands near them.
A colorful rainbow over an inner city neighborhood.
People walking across the road with buses and buildings in the background. 
A double decker bus with a very large ad. 
A red bus on a street next to buildings.
A fork in the road of a busy city street with traffic 
A woman standing outside a car on a busy street
A black and white image of a train going down the tracks.
A bus with a sign on it that says next bus please.
The tan car is in the left lane of traffic.
People eating from food trucks near a commemorative archway
An intersection in a city with stop lights and street signs.
A hanging traffic light that is currently red. 
Commuter bus at roadway intersection in urban area at dusk.
A purple Christmas tree sitting inside of a room.
There is bumper to bumper traffic on the highway.
A man in a pink shirt pointing at a woman standing in a red bus.
A traffic light that is on a street.
Two men are jumping up to hit a beach ball.
Two red lights hanging from poles near a building
The corner is marked with a motel sign.
The train is going down the railroad tracks. 
A bunch of lights over a city road.
a traffic light near a street sign next to a building
there are several buildings with lights on this street
people standing in line at the ice cream truck
A man seems to be taken a selfie of himself. 
A busy intersection in a city on a sunny day 
autos stopped at a traffic light and an electrical tower
Street signs at famous intersection: Broadway and Wall.
The person is riding his bike and wearing a helmet.
A rain soaked street with lots of parking lights.
People parade on motor cycles waving rainbow flags
A white rescue truck turns a corner on a city street.
A group of parking meters stand on an empty street.
A street corner with six different posts with street signs.
Cars parked on the side of the road just past a traffic signal.
Commuter trains traveling in opposite directions at the station.
A white and red double decker bus in parking lot.
A man and woman posing on the corner of Obama ST.
A panorama of a busy asian city street.
A sign explaining how to park on a hill is posted on the street.
A man sitting on chair holding a protest sign 
Two men using cell phones while in a crowd of people.
A passenger bus that is driving down the street.
A city street clogged with buses stopping at a bus depot.
The sun is shining behind a tall city building.
A large red bus on a city street.
a cross walk sign in a busy city as light up the walk symbol
A double decker bus on a road in the United Kingdom. 
two cars sitting at a stop light at dawn or dusk
The red double decker bus is driving near a grey van. 
A view of a tall cathedral style building at an intersection.
A few large vehicles driving on a road next to a bike rider. 
a zebra crossing on a very wide road
A group of people standing below tall buildings.
A traffic signal on a pole with birds perched on it.
Cars stopped at an intersection waiting for a light
The railroad goes through town and passes a red building.
A bus that is driving down a road.
some buildings a traffic light and a cloudy sky
An overpass of a highway, with a train crossing below.
An intersection that has many signs on black and white striped poles.
very many vehicle moving on the road with traffic lights
A metro bus driving through the city streets with buildings behind it.
A green light is going and a walk signal has just expired
A traffic signal in an industrial area of a city.
A don't walk sign is hanging underneath a street named Mermaid.
a city bus drives next to a van 
There is a walk signal beneath the street sign.
A street full of people parading down the road.
A street light is being displayed over a busy street.
a red stop light hanging over the street 
A pair of trains are stopped next to each other.
a man is walking holding a suitcase and walking with a woman
A man crossing a busy intersection near train tracks. 
a man riding a red moped stopped at a stop light 
Traffic jam in fog with a foggy skyline and traffic lights.
The couple walks arm-in-arm past the crosswalk in the city.
a pink and yellow sign is hanging above the street lights
The Big Ben displays the time for the city.
A woman is on a bench overlooking the city.
A young person wearing a helmet and riding a skateboard.
a male is riding a bicycle some orange cones and cars
A yellow train traveling down a street next to a building.
The dog is laying in the grass all by himself
there are many cars all along this small street
A night time city view with vehicle lights and street lights.  
a store front with a lot of windows and writing on it
A Methodist church with a few vehicle parked in front
A man is waiting at the train station waiting for the train to arrive
a person walking across a city street with a taxi in the strret
this is a picture of cars driving in a street
The city bus is going down the very busy road. 
Two woman are holding umbrellas while outside together

A car in front of a bus going down the street 
An intersection with a service station on one corner.
Truck driving along side a train track when the sun is setting or rising.
A green street sign and a no biking sign on a pole with a stop sign.
A sign outside of a subway station on a busy street.
A lot about bicycles that our in the streets.
A statue stands in a courtyard near a colorful flower bed.
Vehicles and pedestrians in busy urban city setting.
A traffic sign at a street intersection with skyscrapers in the background.
A lighted up highway splits in to in a nightime photograph.
The street light, the electrical box, and the sidewalk are littered with bird poop.
A traffic light sitting above a street filled with cars.
A post that says stop and has a light on it.
A train is approaching a multi rail bridge with a green light.
an image of a tour bus going down the street
People crossing the street at an intersection near buildings. 
Some streetlights in a largely flooded urban area
A red light that is on top of a pole.
People are standing ready to board a train.
Man and walker waiting to take a walk in the brisk weather.
A walking signal on a pole in front of a building.
Taxicabs and other vehicles move through a city's intersections. 
Street lights on the side of the road. 
a couple of parked motor scooters sit on display 
A stop sign on the corner of a cobblestone street
A stop light on a pole at an intersection
A city scene with a parked panel truck and people walking on the street.
A group is riding motorcycles while another group rides horses.
The people in the crosswalk are careful not to drop their surfboards.
Red traffic light depicting a bike on street corner
Recyclable material in garbage bags are left outside.
a city street street with building, cars, and trees.
A large sign is across a street where cars and bicycles are riding.
A man with a colorful hat on riding a bike with a cart attached. 
a large train is on the track going by the ocean
a couple of people that is walking around
A big crowd of people near a big city bus.
A traffic signal is seen at a busy intersection.
A neon green bus is going down the street.
A man dressed in a black suit is giving news. 
A KFC bucket sign atop a tall post.
A sign at a traffic light that says "US-1 Whitehead St." 
Older man sitting on bench in front of water fountain
a train being operated on a train track with trees in the background
People walk along in the cold, on the rain-soaked city street.
A red double decker bus is shown on the side of a street.
A group of guys performing on top of a bus
A child is riding a horse down the street.
Smiling man standing on the street in front of business buildings
A large jetliner taking off from an airport runway.
this is a man riding a bike in  the street
A man in brown jacket with backpack walking on a street.
A traffic light and sign on a city street.
A blue and green fire hydrant on the sidewalk
A road with a red light indicating whether to cross a bridge or not.
Brick buildings housing small businesses on a tree-lined urban street.
A train moves down the railroad tracks at sunset.
A metal pole with a paper sign posted to it.
There are vehicles parked around a church building.
A knocked over traffic light on the side of a road.
People stand next to a passenger train on the platform.
A clock tower with sign that reads "Gap Town Clock."
Green lights at a road intersection as fog approaches.
A bus driving down a street with very tall buildings.
A train comes down the tracks in front of a treeline.
A trolley car moves down the tracks in a city.
A cop car is parked on the curb after pulling over a car.
A man standing outside holding a camera trying to focus
A train is entering a historical tunnel covered topped with greenery.
A train arriving at 3:53 in the afternoon. 
A busy street has a digital road sign on it.
A street intersection is crowded with a bus, cars, and bicyclists.
A traffic light on a gloomy day that is illuminated green.
A truck travelling on a street behind a car. 
A stop light that is flashing green in front of a group of people.
A couple of men standing near a crosswalk.
A fire truck speeding through a busy intersection.
Two lanes of cars waiting at a red light
Several parking meters on a sidewalk lined up near each other.
A narrow street has very few people on it.
Scrub trees at a sandy railway crossing overlook urban skyscrapers.
A green street sign near a palm tree in a city.
A couple of road signs with a white work truck.
A statue of a man stands next to a large clock.
A traffic light and no left turn sign at night.
A car speeding through an intersection with a traffic signal.
Street signs next to a building and trees.
A black and white photo of people crossing at a crosswalk.
The back of a car that is pulling up to a stoplight.
A propeller airplane sitting at an airport near a highway.
Two pastel hued buses parked on the street in a French city.
A paved street intersection in a business district.
A man in light colored clothing walks beside a bike as a red train is on the train tracks near him.
A bunch of street lights shining on a street
A picture of a street on a busy city street.
A dark and rainy day as traffic begins to back up in the city.
A person riding a skateboard down an empty brick sidewalk.
a bunch of people cross a street in a rain storm 
Cars are stopped at the intersection with the traffic light.
A colorful cluster of street lights shine at night.
a red white and blue passenger train going through town 
Several cars at an intersection on a city street.
A bus driving past a billboard across the street from a bank.
There is a red and a yellow sports car, and also a white one.
A street with a street sign and a stop light
A very interesting traffic light with multiple signals.
a train going down a track by a platform with stairs
A crowded city filled with people and buildings.
The city bus is making its way through traffic.
a clear road across the street from tall building and water 
A couple red buses on a street with other people on bikes.
People sitting on a bench next to the road side.
Two signs giving directions to Wunning Rd in English and Chinese
An intersection with a green traffic signal with a truck at it.
A sovereign tow truck on an empty street
Two people are up on a traffic signal as one waves a flag.
Changing traffic light on the side of an intersection. 
a bunch of people on bicycles ride on a city street 
A blue double decker bus on the street
a group of people are riding by on motor bikes
A traffic light on a country road 
A sign pointing to eight different locations in a town.
A red, purple and white vehicle passing a crosswalk.
some cars on a rainy city street at night
A dark street with many store lights turned on. 
People with open umbrellas on a city street.
a group of people huddle together on a sidewalk with a big truck in the street
people walking on the sidewalk and crossing the street in a city setting.
A traffic light sitting next to a building with its red blurred.
many people standing on a city street near buildings
There is a traffic light near a busy street.
A stop light with a blue and white sky as the background.
people walking around downtown new york, new york
A taxi sits at a red light in a busy intersection. 
There is a truck carrying a large boat on a flat bed
Yellow street sign for bicyclists on a busy city street. 
Intersection gates are lowered while train speeds by
A person hanging upside down from a traffic light.
The car is waiting for the train to pass before crossing.
A red traffic light next to a dark cloudy sky. 
A picture of the front building of the New York Police Department.
A woman walks down the sidewalk while on her mobile phone.
A worn and rusty train moving through a freight yard.
A traffic signal laying in the grass with some yellow tape.
A woman walking down a narrow stone stairway.
People walking down the sidewalk in a city
A truck is sitting on the side of the road.
A few people on bikes behind cows on a road.
A parking meter with a zone three sticker on it.
black and white image of a man walking next to a fire hydrant
A double-decker bus decorated with signs is in front of a building with a clocktower
A street view with signs indicating freeway on ramps ahead.
The birds are sitting on a line by a street light. 
A city intersection with street signs on the corner of Broadway and Broome.
a stoplight that has a street sign on it
A street at night with a restaurant that has neon lighted signs for hot dogs.
People walking the crosswalk pass a car on the street
A bus passes a blue truck parked on the side of the road.
A compact car driving down a street int he snow.
a yellow and brown train engine is pulling its cars
A man standing on a walking bridge over a train coming down the tracks.
An apartment building with people standing in front of it at a traffic light.
A close up image of a street sign in daylight. 
There are several people on a city street including a person with a bicyclist as well as a person with a sign that says "Slow".
A man on a motorcycle stopped at a stop light
Black and white photograph of a train passing lights on tracks.
a big clock tower that is by some people
a bus turning the corner on the road 
An intersection with a red light where several stores are located.
A photo of traffic lights on a busy city street.

This is a red light on a post with hedges and trees in the background.
A double decker bus driving past a tall building.
A business truck with metal staging in the back on a city street.
Railroad tracks at the railroad crossing intersection with sign.
A small compact car and a sports car traveling under a traffic light.
A yellow detour sign sitting on the side of a road.
People standing on a sidewalk as a bus stops at a bus stop.
A war sentiment spray painted on a fire hydrant.
Passenger train coming down the track behind the train traffic light.
A large King's Cross Street sign suspended over a crowd of people.
Two adjacent passenger trains stopped at a station.
A speeding car zooming through a green lighted intersection.
An almost empty intersection on a beautiful sunny day. 
A bus with a giant ad featuring two men on it rides through the town. 
A trolley car is on a track in the middle of the road.
The glass bottle lies on it's side as a train passes.
Smoke is rising from the street in the middle of the city.
a man that has a shirt and tie on
A crowd gathered in a park with a clock tower in the background.
This is the intersection of the 24th  and 29th street.
a public transit bus on a city street
A blue pole that is sitting on the road.
A young man wearing glasses stops to look at his electronic device.
Buses on opposite corners create illusion of one long bent bus.
A busy street filled with traffic as storefront signs are hanging over the sidewalk nearby.
a big stop sign sitting on a pole 
A fire hydrant sits next to a city street.
A snowy day at a intersection with all red lights. 
Two green traffics lights in a European city.
A sign is displayed near a walkway on grass.
A fire hydrant, street signs and lights on the side of the road. 
A crowd of people walk down Beale Street.
A street sign pointing to the direction of 25 North.
many vehicles on the street where there is rain
There is a don't walk and walk traffic sign on the pole. 
A person is seen in a rear view mirror taking a photo.
A flat bed truck carrying a large spool of metal.
The man holds a cell phone at a striped cross walk.
Three guys in white shirts and one guy in a suit under a cloudy sky. 
This is a busy city street showing alot of traffic and buildings. 
An intersection with a street light, a do not enter sign, and a Minneapolis sign.
two police motorcycles driving down the road in front of a cop car
Two traffic lights hanging from a wire in the air.
a police car pulling over a car in an intersection
A bus and many cars drive down the street. 
A street sign mounted on the side of a tall building.
A caravan of buses are parked on the side of the road.
A clock tower stands erect along a street.
a green and white train at a station and train tracks
A yellow sign for traffic on Stanley Street.
a person standing under a street sign on a pole 
A very tall brown building next to traffic lights.
Blue and yellow train passing by a wooded area. 
A man in uniform standing next to machines.
A road sign on a highway with cars and traffic lights
A car that is sitting underneath a stop light.
A yellow flatbed semi-truck travels down a city street. 
a white train is coming down some tracks
a street with people with a lot of umbrella
A train is at the station about to go through a scenic area. 
A train coming up the tracks in snowy weather
many red white and black buses and cars on a street 
a bridge with two people and a steeple with a clock
Quite unique traffic signal that determines access into a restricted area
A yellow traffic light hanging from a pole.
A train coming around a curve by a sidewalk 
A fire hydrant is rusty black and yellow on a street with people in the background.
A freeway is busy in the late evening.
Three people riding horses in a parade through a street.
A train riding on a track near a platform.
A car driving down a street past a traffic light.
A large brick building with two tall towers.
Small dog hanging out the window of a car.
A man is standing in front of the food stand with his sandwich. 
People riding motorized bikes speed by on a rainy street.
a wiman pushes her urban themed bicycle far
A team of firemen fighting to put out a fire at a business.
A busy intersection with vehicle and pedestrian traffic.
A bus that is stopped at streetlights. 
a street sign and traffic light near a small path
Vehicles at a traffic light stopping during the day.
A shirtless bank rides a bike down a city street.
This traffic light is located near a large church.
a stop and go light displaying a green light
The light in the street is on green.
The front of a building that's seen from across the street. 
A street that has different cars in it.
three pedestrians walking on a sidewalk during winter
A dark street is lit with numerous street lamps, and from a black metal pole hangs a traffic light that has all three colors lit.
Red bus with graffiti stops to pick up passenger.
A baseball pitcher in the act of throwing the ball
A boy jumping with a skateboard over a rock at night.
A shopping area with a woman crossing the street with a stroller.
A road filled with motels and light up signs.
an image of a traffic light in the midsummer
Street signs that are showing the directions to a detour.
A train on the tacks in a big city
A red double decker bus going around a curve.
Large crowd moving together down a city street. 
A man is standing on the street using a cellphone.
a person walking alone on a sidewalk at  night.
a public transit bus on a city street with buildings near by
A motorcyclist with a red helmet preparing to merge in traffic.
A street view of blurry illuminated lights. 
A gray economy car is parked in a lot by a highway overpass. 
The horse drawn carriage walks near huge buildings.
Two people in a field of snow across from homes on skies.
two street signs next to a stop and go light
A many riding a bike on a street with many people and a train.
A city scene features public transit, cars, bikers and pedestrians surrounded by traffic signals and crosswalks.
Two women in long white robes stand at a cross walk.
A white and green bus parked on the side of the road. 
a big bus that is parked next to a building
Group of people waiting at corner to cross the street.
A street jam packed with cyclists being escorted
A traffic signal handing over the top of a street.
A street on a city at night that says "Obama".
A couple of trains running on railroad tracks and a brown building.
A yellow and red train coming down the tracks. 
A different color bus driving down the street 
some people on the street cars and buildings 
A train on a busy railroad track in a large city
A train goes through an intersection with traffic lights to stop traffic.
A yellow train pulls up to a train station.
A photo image of a city street with red stop lights
A very cute bird standing by the water.
A blurred view of vehicle traffic in a city.
An intersection with people holding umbrellas crossing every which way.
A horse drawn carriage next to  a garbage truck.
People unload from the train at the train station.
A New York City street with a crowd gathered and lots of electronic billboards.
Group of cops riding up the street on motorcycles
Empty street with one man on a bicycle during twilight.
There is a van driving on a road near a mountain.
A road with a red traffic light next to flowered bushes.
a woman is standing outside on the sidewalk
a motor bike and other cars sit parked at an intersection 
This is a busy city street with pedestrians, tall buildings and stop lights.
Cars stopped at a red light while the sun is setting.
a city bus stops at a bus stop
Cyclists crossing the street in front of a car.
a bunch of people that are on some horses
A traffic light and a street sign with a hazy backdrop.
Commuter rail cars at indoor train depot area.
Children enjoying a ride on a commuter train
A girl eating a hot dog bought from a stand
A traffic light on a pole on the side of the street.
A large truck driving down a city road.
a white and black passenger train on rail road tracks
A view of a city corner, from the ground.
A city street at night with red wondering lights on it.
A truck drives on a street in the middle of traffic. 
A police officer on a motorcycle rounds a corner.
And empty intersection with several cars parked along the street.
A clock on a sidewalk with cars passing by on a street.
A building under construction has a traffic light next to it and an airplane flying overhead.
there are three traffic lights at an intersection 
a little street sign pointing two a public toilet
A train that is sitting on a track near the dirt.
This is a photo of Time Square taken during the day. 
a man with a skull mask riding a motorcycle on a street
Red traffic lights before a major intersection and bridges
A very busy city street with lots of signs on the buildings.
A yellow motorcycle parked on the curb of a street. 
Silver car in a line of traffic at stop light.
People in a city cross in front of traffic. 
A truck stopped at a red light at dusk on a city street.
A red and green stop light affixed to the side of a brick wall with a sea side city in the background. 
Skyscrapers, light posts, and people are depicted in black and white
A large crowd of people standing near the bus stop.
A blue and yellow train parked in front of a train station
A stoplight on a pole with a blue sky
A train traveling down train tracks next to a forest.
A street corner with a telephone pile, traffic light and RC cola sign
A Los Angeles metro train coming down the tracks outside.
a truck some palm trees buildings and traffic lights
Two red trams are next to each other at a stop.
Cars stopped at a traffic light beside an electric trolley.
a number of trains at a station with people near by
A red stoplight in front of a building.
A person in a red shirt is taking a picture of a traffic light.
A city street filled with traffic and lined with tall buildings.
A traffic light is sitting on a wall.
A traffic light attached to a metal pole next to a road.
There is a train crossing a bridge over a river
A double decker bus with the top sawn off is now a tour bus
a couple of vehicles are parked outside a building
A variety of signs are shown on the side of the road.
truck sitting in the road with chargers decorations on it 
A busy city street in an Asian country with lots of traffic.
a close up of a street sign and a traffic light
The picture of the athlete is on double-decker tour bus moving through the city.
a night time street with a red don't walk sign and some street signs 
Woman riding atop an elephant while many other elephants follow nearby in parade at night.
Bright green traffic lights at intersection at night.
Empty city street with multiple street signs on it. 
A tall building with windows reflecting the blue sky.
View of a traffic light and a stop sign at an intersection.
A street sign outside of a tall building surrounded by trees.
The electronic traffic signal has three signs below it.
A city street is busy with cars and a clock tower above. 
people driving down a road with a street light that is red 
A traffic light sitting on the side of a road.
A yellow train is running on the train tracks.
A traffic light with faces drawn on them.
A erson on motorcycle in middle of street next to traffic light.
A red double decker bus traveling on a busy city street.
A busy city street filled with people and cars
A view of a lake and a mountain on a sunny day.
A clock pole next to people sitting at a table.
Group of people walking beside a bue and white train. 
A busy street corner with cars and traffic lights
a green street light next to  a pole with a street sign 
A yellow train near the passenger platform with a red light currently on.
Signal light pole with green traffic lights on one side, red pedestrian crossing ones on the other. 
a train that is on a long train track
Two photos of a traffic circle and it's signs in a European city
Some cars waiting at a red light on the road
A very pretty big clock by a big city street.
Red and white tram on a city street.
A picture of a sign on a street upside down.
Large passenger train passenger over the top of a city street. 
A large brown brick building with Arch windows.
An airplane sitting on a runway in the snow.
A picture of people protesting in front of a large statue.
Cars are riding down a busy street in the evening.
A train that is sitting on a rail.
traffic signals sit on top of the poles
traffic lights on the road showing and some lights
A man walking an elephant down a street in Washington D.C. with people watching.
A woman in a red jacket crossing the street
There are many people outside of a train station.
A green light is shown on this busy multi-lane street.
A black and white photo shows a street view with old cars.
Several vehicles are stopped at an intersection behind a red light.
People on a tour bus with half the top cut off.
The bus traveling underneath a bridge is making a turn.
A truck nears a stop light in rainy weather.
Several houses are being viewed from the street.
A freight train with empty flat cars on a train track.
A motorcycle rider dressed up as Santa and another rider on bikes driving down a street.
A large advertisement is displayed on the side of a glass buildling.
A green train next to train station with clock.
A city street with a green traffic light signal and traffic.
A pickup truck parked in front of a house with a horse statue.
Cyclist in city traffic crossing an intersection with the light.
a used toilet sitting out at the curb
A delivery truck for a library parked by a meter.
A woman walking down a city alleyway containing all types of signs for businesses.
A white train traveling under power lines on a train track.
A man and three women standing in front of a stop sign.
An intersection in a downtown area of the city
Wall street street signs on a traffic light pole.
a tree with a sign on it reading love trees
There is a bus driving down the street.
There are pedestrians walking on the sidewalk on the street.
a store on a corner of a busy street
A bus with a rainbow flag on its front.
a public transit bus on a city street
Picture of a traffic light with a green smiley light showing.
Pedestrians cross the street during a winter day.
A city bus driving on a busy street. 
A bus and a truck side by side on a city street.
A double decker bus driving down the street in the snow
A group of people who are in the middle of a road. 
A large red double decker bus traveling down a street.
A city street lined with traffic lights aglow at night
People standing under a traffic signal watching a firework display.
A stop light is red on a foggy day. 
Vehicle traffic on a city street at night.
A yellow emergency truck grossing the middle of an intersection.
A sign for Historic Route 66 on a street in New Mexico.
The street has many signs near a traffic signal.
Three birds are perched on a street lights.
Two people on a bike where the man is holding onto something next to him.
A red sign is at the corner of the street on the sidewalk.
A very big green and white city bus on the street.
a bunch of motorcycles sits parked on a street curb 
traffic lights on the road and vehicles moving
A DOUBLE DECKER BUS IS DRIVING THROUGH THE APPLE PARKING LOT
the town bus is driving down the track
People walking along a snowy path in a park.
there is a small yellow car coming up the street
A busy car intersection with a gas station located on the right.
a person walking in the rain with an open umbrella
A group of young children with skateboards on a sidewalk
A man riding a skateboard down a street without a shirt.
A long train traveling along tracks near small houses.
A smiling man that is holding a sandwich.
The street corner is being controlled a small light.
A large white sign showing where to use the crosswalk at night.
a street sign is shown with a stop light behind it 
Train from the platform of the station looking down the tracks.
A double-decker bus is stopped at a bus stop in a downtown area.
A yellow train is riding down the tracks under a bridge.
a street with a grass are in the middle of it 
People are walking across the street during a storm.
A lady riding a bike with an umbrella on it.
An ornate historical clock tower against a cloudy sky.
Cars on the road stoppes due to a red traffic light.
there is a silver traffic light next to a white street sign
A bathtub, sink and toilet are shown in a bathroom.
Two people holding a sign that says "vote" and another person holding a sign that says "honk".
Group of individuals moving around a clock tower while its raining. 
A street intersection with focus on a street light.
A man sitting on the ground next to a suitcase underneath a fountain.
A night time shot of a traffic light. 
a young boy stands on the corner of the street
A traffic light looking down a dark street with a church bell tower in the background.
A man using a phone next to a motorcycle
A yellow train engine and freight cars are on the tracks.
a person riding a skate board on a city street
A crown of people are departing a metro train.
Three street signs on a post with different instructions.
A man stands next to a building as a car pulls out towards the street.
A couple of traffic lights over a city street.
The lighted sign saying don't walk is below the street sign on the corner.
A street light bent over and upside down.
A traffic light mounted to the side of a wooden pole.
a japanese street sign on a bridge with a sky background
The two buses are crossing on opposite sides.
a close up of a traffic light 
Two trains are traveling side by side on the tracks. 
A train traveling through a city next to tall buildings.
Vehicles on a city street at night time.
This is an intersection at night with a street sign reading "Santa Monica Blvd."
A woman crossing the street with an umbrella.
there is a officer riding a horse and another on a motorcycle
A group of people standing in the rain.
A group of red and black bicycles in front of a blue and white train. 
Two women in leather jackets walking in street next to building.
Two ducks that are  preening themselves near a fountain 
A van drives down the road in speed and style 
A train pouring out steam through it's smoke stack traveling down railroad tracks.
A traffic light lit red in front of some tall buildings.
A large food item with bread and meat is held.
a guy walking wearing a backpack passing a pole with posters 
A group of soldiers march in front of an army tank.
A factory is located next to a traffic light.
An empty intersection with nice houses in the background. 
some signs on the road showing the street and direction
A person sitting on a motorcycle with buildings in the background
People walking through what appears to be a mall with many stores.
Brown trolley number 11, labeled "Powell & Hyde Sts.", on Jackson Street.
The photos are on display near the traffic signal. 
a cop standing in the intersection directing traffic
A green truck is driving down the road
A large tall tower with a clock on the top.
A man rides a motorcycle down an empty street next to houses.
Cars and motorcycles drive down a street lined by palm trees.
A red double decker bus in front of a normal red bus. 
A fire station on a street in a downtown area
A city with stop sign and buildings and trees and houses.
A street scene with old clock on lamp pole.
A young lady in a yellow shirt standing on a sidewalk near a traffic light.
A street sign points to destinations on a corner. 
a woman and a man are waiting to cross a street
A group of men riding horses on a traffic filled street.
A truck with a dog riding in the back. 
Various traffic signs and traffic lights in front of a building.
A traffic light on a post along the roadside in the city.
A  big bus crossing the street in a rather old fashioned town. 
A motorcycle and rider pausing at a traffic light.
Several buses and automobiles driving towards tall buildings. 
Gridlocked car and bus traffic on a busy city street.
A  crane lifting a car on the trolley of a truck.
The city bus is driving down the road in front of another one. 
this is a bus turning a street corner
Brocolli on the dashboard of a car on a street
Some cars in the street covered with snow.
A work truck turning down a city street.
The street signal is telling pedestrians not to walk.
A city street with a tower in the background.
Food trucks parked and open in a line on a city street
Many car light streak by the busy road of a city at evening time.
A parking meter curbside on a city street.
A traffic light and a sign over a street.
a street with some large buildings beside it.
A large clock tower shines in the night. 
A small orange and white bus driving the street
a traffic light with a building in the background
Girls with helmets riding bicycles in the city.
Pedestrians are walking down the sidewalk beside a building. 
A man walking down a traffic light street intersection
A passenger bus that is driving down the street. 
A dark night on a street with a blue street light lit up.
A street light underneath a bunch of power lines
Cars that are in traffic in a city. 
A train passing under a series of metal girders
A car turning in to the parking lot of a store
An ambulance with its lights on driving down a city street.
A set of cars stop on a city street. 
A person is standing in the doorway of a red double-decker bus.
a person sitting at a bench near a bush 
A yellow train is going down the tracks.
people standing on a city side walk with a sky background
A billboard is in spanish on a busy street corner.
Train crossing through a traffic signal under cloudy skies.
a woman is sitting on a bench with a dog
A red car is driving down the street.
Two adorable dogs hanging out of a car door window.
some rainbow flags a green and white street sign and lights
A green stop light in front of a high-rise apartment building.
Chinatown has many restaurants and signs with English and Chinese letters.
some cars traffic lights trees and street lights
Two commuter trains passing each other on the tracks.
A large tower with a clock on it on a foggy night
The traffic signal looks like it may be on the wrong side of the street.
A person pulling a suitcase down a city street.
Car is driving down a well lit area.
Woman with umbrella posing, inside on a rainy night.
a green and white train going down a track
A vintage truck rolls down the road near an intersection and a CVS Pharmacy.
A traffic light is lit up in front of a building.
A street intersection and the light is red.
People are posing by a fire hydrant and a stop light.
The green clock tower stands next to the tall building.
A building stands on the corner of Washington Street.
Utility truck parked on tree lined urban street.
A large white domed building at the end of a tree lined street.
A time lapse of a street corner at night
A person under a umbrella on a street.
A picture of buildings and signs in Chinatown.
The traffic light on this street is on red.
Rain falling on a city street with cars parked and people walking along the sidewalk.
Construction signs line the road as far as the eye can see.
A street sign on a pole beside the street. 
A lady riding her bicycle on the side of a street.
very nice towel and traffic lights besides the road
A disassembled traffic light next to a chair in a warehouse.
There are three men standing together by a pole in the street
A man in a suit wears a colorful tie.
The train is sitting under lots of wires and poles.
A city filled with traffic next to a tall building.
A car driving down the street with the rear red lights in view
A woman in a skirt and heels crosses a crosswalk while holding an umbrella over her head.
A blue and yellow train is parallel to a line of cars on a rural highway at the foot of a large hill.
A man with a entree of sandwich and french fries. 
A man that is standing next to a woman with an umbrella.
A man is taking a picture of himself through a mirror. 
A white tow truck parked next to a building.
some cars an intersection and some traffic lights and snow
A large sign and small building on a road.
A women in a red dress sitting on top of an elephant. 
A bunch of people walking on wet sidewalk by buildings.
A group of people under a canopy looking at boxes of doughnuts on tables.
A bus riding down the road in a rural area.
The electronic light of the walking signal is red. 
A train speeding down the tracks under a red light near a city.
A train on the tracks at a train station.

two men one riding a bike an the other riding a motorcycle down the street
A cyclist peruses a building on a city street..
A taxi cab turning off of a busy street
Vintage yellow car stops at a red traffic light.
A set of horizontal traffic lights mark an intersection.
Huge transit bus being driven down a busy street.
A train pulling into a train station while it's raining.
A group of people standing on the back of a truck.
A bright red train pulls into a railway station.
Multiple highway signs point to different directions for vehicles. 
A blue umbrella sits on top of a black trashcan on a city street.
Two people in a wagon being pulled by two horses on the street. 
A person on a motorcycle with a large back wheel riding on a street.
a large train that is on a track near a road
a picture of a tram pulling up to a station with a weird front engine
A large truck driving on a crowded street
Motion-blurred light streaks captured on a night-time street.
A skateboarder rides a big skateboard down the crowded street.
A traffic light sitting next to other signs near a bunch of trees.
View of down town in a city and traffic driving on the opposite side of the road.
a pole with a couple of different kind of signs on it
An outdoor stand with a modified bicycle parked in front.
there is a large red latter on a truck in front of a building
A fire hydrant near a construction area, with a large arch in the background.
A traffic light above a busy traffic dense street.
A traffic signal with the number three in green
A gas pump  in a gas station car parked nearby
A traffic sign sitting below a building next to bikes.
A rainy day with people walking on the sidewalks 
Man on bike following green vehicle on road
Someone riding a small moped alone near many parked bikes.
Several men skating down a road in a town.
a sun setting over a large city and buildings
A billboard sitting next to a car tunnel.
A LARGE WELL LIT CLOCK TOWER BY A BUSY CITY STREET
A green sign that is on top of a pole.
People sit on benches near a street and shops.
An street with a traffic light and cars parked on the side.
A view from a car window at an intersection on the street.
A busy intersection where several vehicles wait at a traffic light
A person walking down a street holding an umbrella.
People are walking past a parked passenger train.
A flag in front of a city of orange buildings.
a woman is in a crosswalk with a bus coming toward her
Men and women crossing a busy  city intersection. 
a collage of photos from people playing guitar to children smiling 
A small bus going down the street with people
The green and gold double Decker bus is in the street.
An orange food truck parked next to a tree.
A red traffic light in front of a blue sky.
A man walks on the sidewalk beside a large truck.
A stop and go light that is right of the highway. 
A boy rides his skateboard along a street.
Night time city scene with now coming down at a traffic intersection.
A city street with traffic caught in motion at night time.
A stoplight showing green next to a street sign that says no parking.
A bus driving down the road with several other cars.
The sun going down at the end of road with many cars driving on it. 
A busy city street bright with lights at night
A police car parked in an intersection underneath a traffic light.
There are two lanes going one direction with traffic bumper to bumper on a wet road.
A striped bus travels down a city street at night.
A bus driving down a street next to a  traffic light.
Picture of line of cars stopped in traffic with car coming towards camera
seven different signs giving directions and some buildings
A street with cars driving down and a traffic signal ahead.
A dark city streets with headlights and street lights.
A boy riding a horse down a street past a traffic light.
A city street with lots of traffic on it.
A couple of green street signs hanging from a traffic light.
A train traveling down train tracks near short buildings.
A street sign with street lights hanging from it. 
Red traffic light at intersection on paved four lane road.
A yellow and white train on tracks next to buildings.
A couple of people standing on a traffic light waving a flag.
a police car that is parked at a light
This is a picture of a site seeing train with tourists on it.
A lamp post with street signs and a traffic light. 
Man and child on motorcycle on city street of town.
Red yellow and blue train rides along train tracks
Traffic on a busy day in the city.
A city street lined with parked motorcycles surrounded by tall buildings.
A train on a train track pulling into a station.
A human shape, marked red and white with black background.
a city bus drives down a city street 
Red stagecoach bus w/ adverts driving down city street.
Car parked on side of road close to caution sign. 
The sticker on the rear window of this car is about infowars.com
A large green street sign sitting next to a speed limit sign.
A deserted street in a small town at night.
A streetlight on a road in front of several large buildings.
A picture of a street corner at night.
a number of people walking on a city street with a building in the background
A street is lit up near some trees in the evening.
A table near a window with a beverage and a donut with icing and sprinkles.
A night time shot of a busy street in a city.
A couple of construction workers standing behind a sign.
Black and white photo of a pedestrian at a suburban crosswalk
A horse pulling a wagon down the middle of a street.
A large orange truck on a small road.
There is a taxing rolling through a wet street
a road with two double deaker buses on a bunch of cars on the corner
A large group of people are standing on a crowded street.
A train at a train station with people in the background.
A man rides a skateboard with a sail(?) in the street.
A traffic light next to a very tall pointy building.
A green traffic light along a street with people walking across.
A large bus on a open city street.
A car waits patiently at a streetlight in a small town. 
Three green lights that are over a road.
A train car sitting on one of many tracks.
a busy town sidewalk next to street parking and intersections.
A city bus is off service and traveling down the street.
cars and a pole with street lights next to a building
a double decker bus that is by a crowd of people
A group of people riding a busy with a view of the street
As a couple of men race their bikes down the city street, they are filmed by a guy on a motorcycle as a crowd of onlookers stand to the side holding umbrellas in the rain.
An old dirt train rides the rails through a small town.
An intersection focused on the pole with stop lights.
The man is riding his bike down the busy city street. 
A stop light and stop sign direct drivers in traffic.
A city corner has a small store with umbrellas.
A double decker bus riding near a construction area. 
A man is standing at a crosswalk sign
A time lapse photo of city street traffic.
Two double decker buses passing each other as two people cross the street.
A train track with a train on one side of the track in a wooded area.
White passenger bus at a stop next to traffic signal. 
A man on a motorcycle going for a ride with his dog.
The men walk in the rain with an umbrella.
many birds are gathered on a telephone wire at night
Traffic signals on post above roadway in urban area.
A bright yellow patrol truck is out on a watch.
a street corner with a large building on it
A long silver train is passing through a rural town.
A full view of two streets with many cars. 
A orange and white train traveling down train tracks.
 Traffic and a crosswalk on a city street
A woman walks in the rain with an umbrella.
A police officer sits on a motorcycle while a man takes his picture. 
A brick building and traffic lights are shown in daylight.
A sign that is telling no pedestrian traffic with a sign pointing to the other side.
A blue bus driving down the road in a city.
A green street light hanging above a busy street
A crowd of people walking down a rain soaked street while holding umbrella.
A group of workers are raised up to inspect a power line
Heavy traffic on a busy five-lane city street.  
A green stop light in front of a house with sun behind it.
A group of people who are standing in the street.
Street lights with a cloudy sky in the background.
A street view of a tourist area in an older town.
A very big trash truck by a big pile of branches.
A passsanger bus moving slowly down a quiet street.
A city bus headed for the Redmond bus stop.
two trucks with colorful backs going down a busy road
A woman puts change into a parking meter.
Two boys skateboarding on ramps in a park.
The clock is displayed for everyone to see it
Cars on road at a traffic light intersection with snow, street lights and billboard in the evening.
People sitting on a bench alongside a road.
Three white dogs sitting in a parked car, next to traffic.
A restaurant called tommy's joynt is full of colorful advertising.
A number of passengers aboard a miniature train.
A large city has a cobblestone intersection downtown
A man riding a skateboard down a street.
The street sign is pointing towards the library
an officer on a horse and an officer on a motorcycle talking
A rider on a bicycle wearing a helmet and stopped in a crosswalk.
A double decker bus is moving along a stretch of road.
The red train is moving down the tracks in this snowy town.
a train on a track near a platform
A person in a cream colored car waiting at a stop light
A train passing some people on bikes at night.
A man with a cell phone to his ear walking down a sidewalk.
there are many bikers riding along the street
A line of people crowd the sidewalk beside a business.
A red stoplight that has turned red in the road.
A woman officer talking to another officer on a motorcycle. 
People riding scooters make their way down a rural road.
a man helping a little girl ride a bike
A yellow and red train on train tracks 
The double decked bus is parked in front of the curb. 
A city bus dropping off and picking up passengers at a bus stop.
A car at a traffic light while a train passes by. 
Several rail cars are sitting on railroad tracks on a cloudy day.
An older man in a pirate outfit is walking down the street in a big city while talking on the phone
Large pink building in the middle of a city. 
A group of vehicles traveling in heavy traffic.
A bus with passengers moving down a road.
Woman and men are standing at the signal light
A red light at an intersection in a place with older looking buildings 
a market sign sits on the corner of a street 
A street view of mountains at an intersection. 
a couple of parked cars sitting in front of some buildings 
A man in a sheriff's uniform walking towards a crowd. 
A stoplight at an intersection with several signs on the pole.
A bunch of cars with their lights on in the dark.
The upper floors of a corner store are enmeshed in a web of utility lines.
a street light and tree beneath a bright blue sky
Two people are riding a sports motorcycle down the street.
A person riding a biek down a street next to a  sign.
A utility truck fixing power lines on the street
A pole holding a street sign and a traffic light. 
Various traffic signals down a road in the city.
Cars, vans and scooters in a traffic jam in the middle of a city. 
A trolley bus drives down a city street.
Traffic, pedestrians, and cyclists move about beneath a Chinese archway. 
The bus  is parked at the bus stop.
A full view of some birds sitting on a street light.
Bus and car coming down a steep city street.
A green sign hangs from a pole near a traffic light.
A man in purple jacket and khakis sitting on a street.
The double-decker bus is about to pass a biker and two pedestrians on the city street.
A man in an orange vest riding a bike
A woman with a black umbrella crosses a city street in the rain.
A man standing and waiting for a red bus to pick him up.
A large blue bus sign sitting on the side of a road.
Some tracks for a rail way system near a building 
The cars and bicycles are waiting at the traffic light.
An intersection with multiple street signs on a pole. 
A traffic light and street sign for Broadway Boulevard.
A small black car drives past a police car.
a street light sits in front of a cloudy sky line
A firetruck is near an intersection near a shop and other cars.
A train pulling several cars on one of many tracks.
A young woman poses next to a street sign
A person with an umbrella and some cars on a street.
a clock tower in a city near other buildings 
The name of this street is Western Ave. 600. S.
a fire truck with it's lights on making it's way down the road 
The red double decker bus is stopped in the road. 
A group of men fighting in the street block bus traffic.
Three men have an encounter with a law enforcement officer.
Two people are watching cars pass by the intersection.
some buildings some cars and three traffic lights
a very tall building with two city clocks on the wall
A stoplight with a road sign on it 
A green train next to a platform with a man in white looking out of it.
A night view of traffic in a city at an intersection.
A street light near a fence in black and white.
A traffic light at an intersection at Williams Street
Person in a black wetsuit and gorilla mask carrying a surfboard on a beach.
A traffic light monstrosity sitting in the middle of a road.
Metropolitan city bus shown on quiet city street.
A man standing in the street holding papers
A two-story tour bus is parked on the side of the road.
A couple of cars sitting at a traffic light as a train goes by.
Car lights are streaking the length of a street at night.
A bunch of cars that are sitting in the street.
A group of people on bikes stop at a light.
A clock tower in a town in front of an ominous looking sky.
A black and white photo of taxi cabs in new york city
A horse with a child on top is standing on a street.
This is the railroad crossing marked by alerting sign, cone, and traffic lights.
a street some cars and a big clock on a post
The red double-decker bus passed under the overhang with no trouble.
A green and white train passing by railroad crossing.
A large train moving along the tracks. 
a bunch of cars on the road in a city 
A woman is walking down the street with an umbrella.
THERE ARE A LOT OF PEPOLE THAT ARE WALKING IN THE STREET
The double decker bus is loading all its passengers.
A blurry view of a street with many lights
A man in a pizzeria putting the toppings on a pizza.
Some people are standing under red umbrellas together
Snow covers everything, including signs, traffic lights, cars, and the street a person is walking on.
A street area with traffic lights and barriers at night.
A view of a road, with cars passing down in a blurry picture.
A traffic light sitting next to a tree on the side of a street.
A doughnut shop sits on a corner with traffic lights.
A busy street with traffic, surrounded by tall buildings and skyscrapers.
A motorcycle is parked beside a car on the street.
Woman using her phone standing under an umbrella on the sidewalk
Four teens play with tree branches in a city.
A pole holding a traffic sign and a traffic light with the green light lit. 
A woman in a grassy field flying a kite.
The large SUV drives along a busy street.
A motorcycle cop riding on the back of a motorcycle.
A sign on a busy city street pole
The Big Ben clock tower towering over the city of London.
A red and yellow fire hydrant with chains on the caps.
Small church sitting on the intersection of a busy city road. 
A train on a track pulling into a station.
Street signs are stacked on top of one another.
Articulated bus entering a street from a building entrance.
Signs are hanging on the side of a gym.
A traffic light sitting on the side of a road next to orange cones.
A double decker bus driving on a road with construction.
A vehicle passing near a sign advertising desserts.
A train stopping at the railway station in huntsville.
People walking across a busy city street with an out of focus background.
A brown inflatable rat on street next to a bus.
A woman wearing a white shit and apron standing by a man in front of a traffic light.
a couple of cars are driving down the street
The person wearing a helmet is riding a moped. 
some blue hydrants sitting on the side of a road filled with some cars 
People waiting to cross at a busy intersection.
A person doing a jump with the skate board near a street.
Street corner with descriptive signs and traffic lights.
Although the traffic lights face two directions they are both red.
There is an upright traffic light on the pavement.
A very old stone clock tower on the edge of a street.
An orange fire hydrant sitting at the side of the street.
A tower stands in the center of a courtyard and has a clock on it.
A flock of birds flying high over a city street at dusk or dawn 
some people a bus and cars a street lights and buildings
Traffic light attached to a pole on wall st.
Horse drawn carriage on city street near intersection.
Black and white photograph of man standing by a lamp post.
A train track with a green caboose car and a silver and yellow train.
a large red fire truck driving past two palm trees.
A man talking on a phone standing next to tall buildings.
Car driving down the street under two road signs.
The sign at the movie theater is telling us what is playing.
A crowded street scene with cars, a Brinks truck, buses and people standing on sidewalk. 
A fire hydrant spewing water on a city street.
A red bus is carrying passengers in the street.
A street light, a large building and a pole.
An old stop sign has an extension cord on it.
A bus making a turn at a round about.
A four sided clock sits on top of the pole
A stop light that has fallen over to its side.
A mans face drawn onto a black metal box on the side of a street.
A traffic light above street with trees around it.
A man with an umbrella walking down a city street at night.
A clock tower behind a stoplight in a city 
a car drives through the city with people in it
A traffic light is standing on the side of a red brick building. 
a main strett stop light in a pole on the side
Cars move through an intersection below a green stoplight.
Red traffic light on cement post that includes street names and parking rules.
A sliver train in train station next to a wall.
A train soaked street lined with lots of street lights.
The city scene shows a double decker bus and traffic lights at night. 
Traffic workers are repairing a street sign in the day.
A tower of brick holds clocks and a bell in a courtyard.
A bunch of motorcycles parked on a street.
a person standing on a street with many people walking 
A tall red brick building with a mexican restaurant.
Traffic lights at an intersection somewhere in the world.
Guys walking down the street pushing a cart among street signs
A person entering a crosswalk along a city street.
Sign with an arrow pointing to where the bike lane is.
The lone street light at 108th St is red.
A sign at the intersection points the way to the walking trail.
There are two street signs, a white truck is turing on to the lane an a man is walking on the sidewalk.
A model of a train and two blue cars.
The giant object has been knocked over on the concrete.
A view through a windshield shows a street with several street signs.
The reflection of two dogs being walked down the street
A city intersection with a yellow stop light glowing
A corner with street lights, traffic signs and parked cars on it. 
A woman drinking water and a man with a backpack stand by a city bench.
A street intersection completely flooded deep with water.
A construction sign on a street corner of a city.
Man standing on a sidewalk next to a trash can talking on a cellphone.
A man and woman carrying an umbrella down a city street.
A blue car on the curb being pushed over by a bus.
a train that is on a train track
A traffic signal that is telling pedestrians that it is safe for the to cross.
A double decker red bus on the street.
Apartment block buildings along Karl Marx Allee in Berlin
View of a city street with a traffic signal next to a Pharmacy.
A traffic signal suspended over a street at night.
A skateboarder doing a stunt off of a sidewalk planter 
A man is holding some food on a street corner.
An intersection of streets with stop lights hanging above.
The train is traveling through the busy rail intersection.
Some cars are stopping at a stop light.
Looking up at a large crane in a blue sky
A street sign says Emile-Buploye and Sherbrooke and a traffic signal.
There is a portable street light being used on this street.
A sign pole with a crosswalk sign on it as well as a street and bus sign.
The skateboarders jump over the grate on the city street
A young man rides his skateboard across the street in a city.
some people on motorcycles a street cars and buildings
A view of a street corner with a traffic light on it. 
A construction site at dusk under a cloudy sky.
An oriental signs on a busy street giving advertisments 
a fire hydrogen that is next to a  roadway
a street sign on a light pole on a city street
A full view of the buildings in the downtown area. 
A green city bus driving thru a parking area.
A security officer takes in his surroundings on a ramp.
A city street filled with traffic surrounded by buildings.
Threatening looking clouds over a large building with traffic signals in silhouette.  
A road lined with motorcycles and cars passing by.
The traffic signal above the street is green.
Two people crossing the street in a city at night.
Vehicles at an intersection with traffic lights hanging above it.
ACCIDENT SCENE WITH FIRE TRUCK, AMBULANCE, VEHICLES, AND PEOPLE
A residential building sits behind electric cables, a streetlight, and a traffic light. 
A woman in winter clothing and a hat, holding a donut in both hands and taking a bite of the donut.
Motorcycle, bicycle and bus traffic in an oriental city
a red truck parked on a bridge with people in the back
The Southwest passenger train is moving past through station 10.
A car sits on the side of a road with letters written on it.
An intersection with street signs with snow on them.
a street sign on top of a street near a building 
The hollywood sign off in the distance behind a traffic light.
A crowd of people walking around a city
People watching an elephant float at a parade.
A sign with the word York posted on a green stand with a crescent moon in the background. 
A fire truck is on a city street.
a train in a train station with a sign
An abundance of vehicle traffic at a busy intersection.
Sun setting on a dark street and buildings.
A man walks down the street holding an umbrella.
A busy night street seen in a city.
A traffic light with some people crossing a road.
Various bicycles crossing on street over train tracks.
A man with tinted glasses wearing black gloves and a striped tie points a camera at the camera.
A long train of empty coal carriers joins the main rail line.
A blue pick up truck with an email address advertisement on the back.
A for rent sign hanging outside in front of a building .
Art glass vases for sale decorate the window of an antique shop.
People walking down a sidewalk near a road and a building.
A clock tower sits in the middle of a street.
A person laughing on the telephone near a lot of treats
a red bullet train is coming towards us
a round picture of an empty train track
A bicycle is attached to a parking meter on the side of a road
A yellow transport truck driving down a street.
A sign letting drivers know they can't park in that area. 
some people walking across a crosswalk with a car parked by it 
a guy holding a book walking across the street on a foggy day
A business sign is displayed over a city street.
A street light and street sign hanging over an intersection with cars going through.
Rooftops with pink and blue clouds on the horizon.
A woman is running along a sidewalk while a dog is on top of a skateboard.
Two boys and three girls playing with a yellow Frisbee in a park. 
She stands on the street corner as traffic goes by
The man is riding the bike with a flag in his hand. 
A busy city street with a mountain view
A white street light sitting on the side of a pole in the street.
A woman dragging a suitcase along a street.
Some women in scarves are riding on motorcycles.
A pair of horses pull a carriage with passengers. 
a traffic light on a city street with a building behind it
A well dressed man and woman are standing on the side walk.
A black and white photo of traffic driving on the road
some people wearing helmets are riding mopeds and some buildings
A blurry shot of cars in traffic in a city
A traffic light at a busy intersection is red. 
A group of people looking at some decorations that look like a mask.
A man out of the rain watching people walking with umbrella in the city. 
a large sign on top of a gas station
Two traffic lights hanging from a wire near a building.
A bunch of cars that are sitting at a red light.
Red lights near the ocean while the sun sets in the background
A guy does a trick on a skateboard on a set of stairs. 
Electric tram wires and a traffic signal against blue sky
Two street signs and a traffic light - Bush and Obama street.
the view of an auto shop from a car window
A stop light that is on red in a city.
a tell you went to walk thing has a hand instead of a person
A picture of a street sign and a crosswalk sign taken from below.
Group of young adults standing in grassy area holding small surfboard.
A traffic light is depicted in a dark urban scene.
A stop light with a street sign next to it.
A train traveling on train tracks through an industrial area.
A double-decker bus is driving on a gloomy street.
a yellow train coming down the train track 
The best construction detour sign shows the way to the detour.
A woman sits on a bench on a city street.
A red tower near a busy intersection of a city street as traffic moves by.
a blue train is coming down some tracks
A traffic light and street sign on street.
People cross the street by a corner convenience store.
A shiny metal train is traveling down the track in front of a sport's stadium. 
a close up ofa set of steps on top of a building
an image of man riding his bike down the street
Stop lights outside beside the bike lane on a road
A very big green city garbage truck near some cars.
A traffic signal and some wires in the dark.
A woman taking a selfie in front of a rear view mirror.
a man about to step onto the sidewalk
A street is empty and the traffic light is red.
A city street at night covered in traffic and street lights.
a mail truck and a truck driving on a street outside some shops
two green street signs in front of a big building
A view of a city street with an old green and tan dome building and city skyscrapers in the distance. 
Officers ride a motorcycle and a squad car near a line of small cones. 
a clock tower with a clock on all four sides
long lines of motorcycles parked along boths sides of the road
An Asian city street scene with neon lights at night.
A cyclist riding in the bicycle lane of a city street
There are two cars at an intersection and the photo was taken on shutter mode with the cmera.
a lot of people crossing a crosswalk 
A bunch of cars are lined up on a busy street and the street light is yellow.
A row of parking meters on the sidewalk next to a white van. 
A sign encourages motorists to share the road with bicyclists on  road leading into the city.
A business sign with Chinese characters on it.
a sidewalk seperated from the road with some concrete balls 
A traffic light that has a mirror on it.
Three streets signs are next to stop lights.
The metro bus is stopped on the street, and the luggage compartment door is ajar.
Pedestrians in an Asian city across the street from a restaurant.
Two men are at an intersection on motorcycles.
A Santa Barbara sign beside a foggy road
A group of people sheltering using umbrellas on the street
An city street at night with a traffic light. 
A boy standing on a skateboard in the middle of a street during night.
A street scene with a double decker bus turning a corner.
pedestrian sign on a street corner covered in snow
A passenger bus approaches the intersection where there is a traffic light.
Construction workers use a truck to work on power lines.
Two signs, one "No turn on red" below a Museum sign. 
three males wearing shorts a street sign and some cars
A street sign on a corner written in another language
A group of vehicles passing through an intersection
Posters are attached to the wall on the street corner.
A train sits on train tracks in front of some buildings.
a man sits on a side walk next to some bags 
The road signs point to Boardwalk and Wall Street.
A street corner with several people walking around in the rain,
A man riding his bike in the street near a UPS truck.
A red double decker bus driving through a city
Multiple fire engines passing down a street next to buildings.
People standing and waiting to be served by food trucks.
a pole that has a sign on it
an empty area at a large train station
a green truck is driving down the road
a number of people riding skate boards  on a city street
People standing on a platform in front of a train.
A couple of trains traveling past a train station.
The Time clock is in the center of town.
A street with a lot of traffic during a snow storm.
A vintage train on a track behind a fence.
Pickup truck with bed filled with large bags of aluminium cans.
A lot of cars stopped at a red stop light on a busy street.
there is a picture of a street intersection 
A double-decker transit bus in the United Kingdom.
A yellow double decker bus driving down a street.
pair of women standing on sidewalk at roadway pedestrian crossing area.
Cars and trucks drive around the streets of a city.
There is a red double decker bus on the street
An overhead sign leads three lanes for three destinations.
A school bus makes its way around a turn.
a skateboarder a bus some cars and buildings
The stop light is green on a busy street intersection.
The three highway signs each have arrows under them. 
A blue double decker bus driving down a street.
The bicyclist is waiting at a street intersection. 
A person is riding a horse on a street.
A donut shop named Donut King with a giant yellow donut on top of it.
Three people surfing in the ocean below a bridge where cars are passing. 
An older man in blue shirt looking at an object
A car accident has slowed traffic as a clean up crew works.
A group of people riding bikes down a street.
This pole has a street sign and traffic light on it.
People are walking on the street on a rainy day.
the people are sitting and eating on the floor
A fire hydrant with a green top and a white and black circle painted on it.
A street intersection with traffic lights, street signs and a large building
A boy jumping over a fire hydrant on a skateboard.
A Parks and Recreation truck driving along the road as onlookers watch
a public transportation bus moving along a city street
A city street at night with a lot of traffic 
Blue, white and orange train is parked at the train station on the tracks.
An SUV waits for a train to pass the crossing. 
A car moving through an intersection with green light.
A country road covered in rain next to a river.
a blurry photo of an empty city street
a stop light resting in a snowy road
A stop sign lit up by a light at night.
A distant shot of much traffic in a suburb town. 
a sign a street light buildings and some cars
Advertising and traffic clutter a busy city street
A bus parked on the side of the road
Black and white picture of an NYPD car. 
A train passing by a sidewalk, traffic light and a building.
Cross streets of 30th ST NW and M ST NW.
A road sign pointing to three different areas.
A stoplight at the intersection of an uncrowded city street.
A very close up view of some pretty city street signs.
Several animals are pulling carts with people on them on a street with other traffic.
A traffic sign shows a red light in a construction area.
A yellow umbrella is shown in a black and white picture.
A bus moving down a street with cars parked on one side of it.
A night time view of a city and a street.
A busy street filled with cars and motorcycles.
A red hydrant is sitting on the sidewalk in the city.
Two policemen on motorcycles on their way to a crime.
A traffic light over a city road with cars.
A man is walking holding an umbrella in the snow
An illuminated circle of benches stands in a city square. 
Lady obeying a traffic light on her bicycle.
A red double decker bus driving past a traffic light surrounded by people.
A train is coming around a bend by grass and a building.
A stop light on the corner of a city street.
A train near some traffic lights and a road crossing with a barrier 
A walkway along a river that looks out at a bridge.
A very tall clock tower with a roman number clock on each of it's sides.
A large flock of birds are asleep on the electrical wires
 a dog sticking his head out the window of a moving vehicle
The couple are looking to cross a busy street in the city. 
Two little girls standing at the entrance to a subway tunnel.
A bicycle with a basket tied to a gate on a curb side.
A ploice officer riding a white motorcycle with a side car.
A gold and black train engine with train cars crossing over tracks.
a motorcyclist on a red motorcycle speeds down an urban road towards a taxi and a mail truck.
A pedestrian crossing sign in a downtown area
An intersection photograph[hed through the windshield of a car,
A bicycle closely follows a bus on a city street.
an electronic cross walk with buildings in the back ground
A parking meter with a two hour limit. 
a dog stands on the glove box of a car 
a stop sign and street light sitting on a yellow metal pole 
A blue double-decker bus is parked in the foreground.
A traffic sign is indicating that a left turn is not allowed
A man in the street all dressed up with a bowtie
City bus on street with people walking by
A run down building is shown with an enclosed gate.
A city bus with its route information stopped at curve of a street. 
Man on skate board in city skating on wall.
A city street and sidewalk that has various store signs attached to the fronts of the buildings, over the sidewalk area.
Yellow police motorcycle parked in front of a car
a yellow and red tram a street and some buildings
An intersection with traffic signs and traffic lights. 
A couple of trains traveling down tracks next to a bridge.
A taxi making its way through an intersection as pedestrians cross.
The lights are still on and no one is around.
A traffic light is on green while a SUV travels down the road. 
A line of cars sits in the intersection, gridlocked at a red light. 
a bunch of cars sit parked at a traffic light 
A corner of a building with a clock tower on top.
an image of tour bus going down the road
A woman in a jacket standing in the rain with an umbrella
A traffic light is seen through a window. 
A street light sitting below a building with lots of windows.
A red, white and blue fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A town plaza at night time with many clocks on poles.
A green fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
The traffic light glows red in front of telephone wires.
A black and white picture of people walking in a city.
cars traveling down a multi lane street next to sidewalk with signs.
Signs East 34th Street and Fifth Avenue with a no parking sign surrounded by a brick building.
small city street scene with traffic signals at intersection.
a black and white scene where groups of people walk across the cross walk with their umbrellas 
A group of skiers in a line skiing down the road.
A traffic light sitting above a red stop sign.
A man on a bicycle pedaling down a city street.
The bright sign is hanging next to the traffic signal.
The signs clearly tell the cars where to go.
a street with a bunch of bright signs on the buildings 
A silver and black traffic light submerged in water.
There is a sign that says no left turns and also a traffic light
A bunch of cars sit at the intersection of a street.
A train on a track with fencing around it near a city.
There is a full view of an outdoor area and it is nice.

A colorful political sign attached to a light pole on busy street
People are riding on skis in the snow on a street.
A couple of cars are driving through city traffic.
This poster is advertising high performance with a girl riding a bicycle and some taxis on the street.
A man using a sledgehammer on the roof of a building.
Traffic and pedestrians busy by at the corner of a commercial square.
a street light standing outside a building 
Cars drive down a street with safety poles on both sides.
Large blue passenger bus parked on the side of the road. 
A police officer in uniform and with a helmet riding on the back of a horse at a stoplight.
A street where every light is green. 
The traffic light is bolted on a concrete wall. 
women carrying large trays of doughnuts and giving them out on the street 
a white horse pulling a carriage full of people 
a few vehicles stopped at a traffic light
A couple of traffic lights sitting in the middle of a street.
A traffic light with a bike signal on a pole.
A traffic light standing near a clock tower.
A crosswalk that is giving the signal that it is okay to cross. 
A red and white truck is in heavy traffic.
A sign showing bus stop and street name.
A group of pedestrians waiting to cross the street at a traffic light.
A parking meter near a curb and a parked car. 
People crossing the street in a cross walk holding umbrellas in the city.
The woman is riding her bike with the traffic. 
A man leaning against a traffic signal pole. 
a stop sign with a building in the background 
a pole that has some signs on it
A red fire truck is driving down the street.
A number of vehicles cursing down the road
An intersection next to a business with parked cars in the lot
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A higher view of a street with traffic.
A group of Police officer driving on motorcycles.
the car has lights on it that are colored
an image of blurry shot of a street corner
a street that has some cars on it
A billboard on the side of building features a bull.
Group of pedestrians standing next to person on ground in busy street.
Two young ladies standing on the sidewalk under a street sign.
A red double decker bus on street next to building.
A faint rainbow in a cloudy sky above a city street.
a group of people walking down the street on the sidewalk 
A street sign hanging from a traffic signal with birds perched on top.
A blue and red train going down a track. 
A person in riding gear rides down the street on their motor cycle, behind them is a line of similar cycles. 
A stoplight on a busy city street 
A broad city street leads to a tall majestic building.
A very pretty horse pulling a cart with some people.
A shuttle is parked in front of a building
a car drives down a snowy hil in the storm
Cars at intersection waiting on a red light.
a green truck with some food items in the back
A busy city street in a large city with Asian writing on the signs.
This is a picture  of a busy town after a snowstorm.
Three people standing in the street with umbrellas.
A city street has several stoplights and cars.
A street corner with a large building next to it. 
a elephant statue sits in the middle of a park 
A group of traffic lights and street signs on a city road.
A large intersection that doesnt have much traffic 
a wet rainy road with cars driving at a red light 
Two street signs suggesting you dont block the crosswalk
A street filled with lots of traffic under a light.
A man flies a kite in a park.
People are walking down the street while buses are passing by.
An enclosed outdoor produce stand at an intersection
A large building stretches into the sky above.
A streetlight is lot up red and multiple street signs are beside it. 
A group of people are skateboarding in the street.
A barrier with a row of people behind it holding up surfboards.
A couple of black cars driving down a street.
a photo of city buildings near beautiful plants
a police van parked in the street on a rainy day
A double Decker bus traveling down a busy city street.
A train that is on a set of railroad tracks with telephone poles on each side of the tracks.
A traffic light and street sign extend into the middle of the frame.
Two people can see the time at a busy city street.
A very crowded street at night with a number of lights
A group of people on a motor bike on the road.
The rear of a taxi that is stopped at a red light.
A street scene looking up at two hot air balloons in the sky.
A street sign on a road in front of a building.
A phone company truck is traveling down the street.
Too fat Scears standing next to each other in the snow. 
A silver train riding on a track during sunset time. 
Three railroad tracks in a rail yard. 
People walk and drive past a colorful, round shaped building on a corner.
A very tall brick building sitting next to a traffic light.
A group of people hang off of tour buses in a crowded street parade.
A traffic light at the corner of a business building with traffic going by.
The train is stopped on the track awaiting to pick up passengers.
A car and a traffic light on a street.
A multicolored kiosk for cyclists in a city
a public transit bus on a city street 
A stop light is hanging over an intersection in a small town. 
A busy city street with cars and a red light.
A person is skiing in a slope course. 
An open-shutter picture of cars going up and down a city street at night.
A two story yellow bus waiting for passengers at the curb
The arch is the gateway to an event being held on the lawn.
Rows of people seeing off two travel buses.
An old building on the corner of 14th and Rhode Island Ave
A sign for a real estate ranch in a rural area.
A blue and white train in front of a building.
A train is going along a train through a city
A dog riding on the back of a bike traveling down a street.
Small narrow city street with paved walkway. 
Red car at traffic light holding up the rest of the line
A temporary sign indicating that a road is closed.
Someone walking their dog in the middle of the street
Traffic signage at intersection near fueling service station.
Traffic light on a long yellow pole in front of apartment balconies.
A palm tree is on one side with an evergreen tree on the other side and snow capped mountains are in the distance.
a yellow and red train passes a traffic light on the train tracks
A passenger train driving parallel to a road.
a city public transportation bus making a right hand turn
A man waits at the crosswalk with his bicycle.
A store on a corner in a small town
A train travels slowly toward the beautiful sunset.
A person standing on the side of a train traveling down tracks.
Two people are standing next to a double decker bus.
Windmills blend in among traffic signals and street lights.
A double bus is coming around a street corner near a traffic light.
On a road group of people with their luggage.
A street with barriers, traffic signs and a traffic light.
An intersection with a stop light on a city street.
a number of people riding motorcycles on a city street 
A person with luggage is crossing the busy street.
A woman riding a motorcycle down a busy city street.
Lines of traffic in a city at night.
A "one-Way" street sign in front of a concrete wall at a street corner.
A couple of vehicles that are sitting next to buildings.
An elephant is riding on the back of a red truck.
A light post, and some street signs are attached to a traffic light.
A bundle of overhead wires and stoplights are on Castro Street.
A street with traffic lights above and various buildings.
A rain soaked city street with red traffic signals.
A group of people walking in front of a city
a street called "sex street" on the corner of a road
a public transit bus on a city street
A smile white dog by a bike on the road.
A double decker bus waiting in traffic for a green light.
Car pass threw a green light in the day light
A row of policemen on motorcycles in a St. Patrick's Day parade.
A cop that is sitting on a motorcycle in the street.
A traffic light sitting under a blue cloud filled sky.
two street signs on a pole near a street 
I like the statue of the Communist dictator in the background.
A city area with a small park in the shape of a rectangle.
A street sign posted on the side of a street light.
three  traffic lights and a red and white sign
A black truck has statues on a bench on it.
A group of traffic signs and lights stand on an intersection.
A green and yellow train pulling cargo along a track.
a street sign on a busy city street
A dark city street with large buildings in the background.
A woman walking across a rain covered crosswalk.
a man is riding in a carriage pulled by a horse
A pole holding a traffic sign at an intersection.
Can't stop dancing sign, all way and no parking within.
Two buses travel down a road with a traffic light overhead.
A horse drawn carriage driving in the street.
Two men are standing on the street near the back of a truck.
A dark city street has signs on a pole.
A bus at a stop near some buildings.
Multiple people are riding their bicycles on a street.
a person walking near a large traffic light
a sign pole that is next to a big tree
Several traffic lights and street signs with a sky background.
Traffic on the street under several traffic signals.
a bunch of parked vehicles on the street next to the ocean
a group of people walking on the street during the day
There are buses and cars at a busy intersection.
An electric cargo train with several boxcars on it
A long term exposure of a intersection in a city
A group of people on skateboards stand on the street.
A truck drives down a road with hill in the background.
Traffic signs give directions for people in this city.
LOTS OF RED LIGHT AND REFLECTIONS FROM THEM TINTING THE VEHICLES
A street scene complete with cars, streetlights and street signs.
There is a green light as a truck drives down the road.
A street light pole with many street signs and warning signs.
A group of people walking across a cross walk.
A trio of red traffic lights on a snowy road.
A cyclist, a car, and a man on a scooter wait at an intersection. 
A red car driving down a street next to a traffic light.
a van parked outside of a gas station
A man in uniform is standing near a track as a train approaches. 
A white car stopped at an inner city railroad crossing.
looking up at street signs a traffic light and birds on the electric wire
Large assortment of suitcases lined up on sidewalk of busy city.
A person standing under an umbrella on a rainy street. 
Two buses are on a road as tall buildings loom in the background.
A busy street side in a large city.
The emergency response vehicles are getting washed. 
An intersection is vacant as an arch stands tall in the background.
Several people standing on a double decker bus waving.
A silver train traveling alongside of a loading platform.
A city bus thats turning a corner with another at the intersection.
A bus riding past a green traffic light down a street.
A street with buildings and street signs in the background. 
A group of bikers riding down a busy city street
A train on a city street with traffic lights on.
A woman in a black dress is holding an umbrella.
A traffic cop is directing traffic at a cross walk.
a dog walks down the sidewalk past a intersection and cars
A plane pulling an ultra light plane through the sky by a tether.
As a bus and motorcycles carry passengers an elephant is also seated to carry a man.
The person looks out over a bridge while on a bicycle.
some cars a traffic light a street and buildings
a taxi and three buses next to a building  
A man with an orange vest walking on a platform next to a train putting off smoke.
A goose standing on the hood of a vehicle.
A black and white image of some buildings and a street light.
A sign extending over both sides of a city street that reads "NORTH PARK".
A passenger train full of people comming down the track.
A city street with biker looking confusedly around
A vehicle is moving past a building on a street.
A lot of taking a stroll down town

A man crossing a road with some skis and poles.
Traffic light with trees and fog behind it.
A street corner with a clock and light pole is shown.
City intersection on a rainy night, with one oncoming car.
A construction site in the middle of town. 
A newly wed bride walking near her groom.
A train goes through a railroad crossing during the day.
A train engine with multiple cars attached going down a set of train tracks.
A gray military  jet taking off for flight
A street scene with people walking and street signs.
A stop light on a street in front of a red brick building and a tall green building.
A man sitting on a black and yellow bench on the phone.
Cars wait at a city stop light at sunset.
 A woman walking down the sidewalk pulling suitcases.
A couple of women flying a kite above a field.
A group of parked cars along a street.
A black and white photo of man walking in the rain with an umbrella
an intersection with a sign that reads "Blonough" St.
A double deck tour bus making a turn onto a road.
A bunch of traffic on a very busy street.
a car passing a road sign for the interstate 
The stop sign is underneath an electronic traffic signal.
Power lines next to a roadway and some traffic signals.
Men cross the street at a busy street corner.
a close up of a street sign near a traffic light
A train is driving through the middle of a town.
A group of people are standing together in the street near a food truck
a tall clock tower with a sky in the background
A close-up of a train station on a model city set.
A stuffed teddy bear sitting on top of a stone pillar. 
A person sitting on one of several benches near a city street.
Two one way signs are on the same pole as a stop light.
A group of motorcyclists ride down the street in formation.
A girl is smiling and walking while carrying a dog in her bag.
There are police officers on horses and a man holding a flag.
A blurry shot of car brake lights on a road at night
A yellow and black traffic sign sitting on the side of a road.
A school bus that is stopped at an intersection.
a green light is above a city intersection
A street sign on corner of Fifth Avenue and West 44th Street with tall buildings behind it.
Cars are parked at the intersection of Mickey and Flaming Lips Alley.
A SIGN WITH A WARNING FOR AN UPCOMING BRIDGE 
Cars are parked at a red light at night.
Traffic lights and other signs are plentiful in the intersection.
Two women share a red umbrella walking down the street.
Cars travelling on a city street at an intersection while the sun is setting. 
Man handing out pizza slices to onlookers at side of road.
A picture of several people walking on a sidewalk on a rainy day.
A man in a uniform is directing traffic.
traffic going by so fast it is like a blur 
This is a van parked in a parking lot with the initials RRJ. 
A red car stopped at an intersection with a crosswalk.
a no right turn sign and a traffic light
A man talks to two uniformed men on horseback. 
The house is next to the intersection of the traffic light.
A street filled with traffic covered in Christmas lights.
The city bus is traveling down the road with its passengers.
Red and gold tour bus driving through a town.
Several cameramen and spectators in a city with police walking by.
The old picture is of a metro train passing a building. 
Two buses wait at a red light along a city street. 
A couple of trains that are riding in the rails.
Street scene of temporary stoplights above an intersection.
People walking down a street holding signs in protest.
so many people walking after rain in a station
The lights of cars are steaking through the image of a street.
a bunch of vehicles are in some busy traffiic
Some cars are parked on a red light on the streets. 
Four women with two children cross the street in a crosswalk.
A city street scene of pedestrians and a don't walk hand signal.
people wait at green light to use the cross walk 
A stop sign that is at the corner of a street.
Green light on a downtown street near holiday time. 
A red, double-decker bus with eyeballs on the front driving
a street with a lot of green street lights 
A man carrying a surfboard down a street.
The trains have stopped on the railroad tracks.
A small bus is seen in a foreign city.
Some police motorcyclists are in formation on a city street.
a person fixing a traffic light on a pole 
The intersection of Broadway, Richard Tucker Park, and Columbus Av in front of a building. 
Traffic lights on a city street with pedestrians crossing.
A passenger bus turning the corner on a city street. 
A pay phone next to traffic street light.
A tall house sitting between two roads with traffic lights.
A passenger train passes under a small bridge.
A long row of wood and wrought iron benches along a sidewalk.
two cars on a city street with a sky background
A gray fire hydrant sprays water all over the street.
an old railroad with a stop sign with graffiti on it
a man walking down the street while pulling two suitcases behind him 
Subway train moving into station area with people waiting to board
The street signal light is showing two green lights.
A railroad crossing sign hangs with lights near a red and white post.
A car traveling down a street with a sign that reads "Merdia".
A train car is shown next to a light on a pole.
 Commuter train in station in rails a near people
Many people on motorcycles are coming down the street.
View of a street from inside a bus in an urban area
A busy intersection with may pedestrians and cyclist.
The passengers in the train are enjoying the country view.
there are many signs above the stores on this street
A train on the railroad tracks has a yellow door on the front.
A bunch of stoplights hanging from a wire.
A street light with a red arrow pointing left.
A traffic light sitting on the side of a road.
There is no picture here to write a description of.
A black an white photo of an intersection with a Chicago sign.
A motorbike parked on the roadside and cars on the road
some stores a red traffic light and a telephone pole
a train on a an elevated train track 
A passenger bus with two levels driving down the street.
A person walking in the rain while holding an umbrella.
people riding motorcycles and bicycles at a green light
A plaster of a deer is in a warehouse next to a street light.
A traffic light with a red horse light in front of a arch.
A color usa flag on a fire hydrant and a parked bike by it
A traffic light near a building on red.
Vehicles on a road and a plane in the sky
Double decker tourist bus near a traffic stop.
A group of people crossing a very wide city street.
A red truck drives on the street next to a sidewalk in London.
People and buses are sitting still on a city street.
A yellow door is detached from a refrigerator outside
The double-decker tour bus proceeds down the road.
A stop sign is shown on Edinburgh Ave.
Traffic signs stand on city street that has a pink sky.
A set of traffic lights showing green next to a sign that says 'no turn on red'
A red fire hydrant with writing on it near a curb. 
cars driving on a road with traffic lights above
A passenger train runs along a track underneath a bridge.
Cars parked on the street next to a side walk.
There is a clock tower next to a busy road.
A cavalcade of motorcyclist driving on a road.
A lady on a pole hanging on with a stop light in the background.
Green and blue double decker bus on a city street
A MAN IS WALKING DOWN THE STREET IN THE CITY 
a city with passing cars and trees and buildings in the background
Several women with umbrellas walk down the sidewalk.
A stop light with all rea lights on a street
A group of naked people riding bicycles down a street.
A "No Parking" sign erected for the Summer Streets festival. 
A green train proceeds down open train tracks by a station stop.
A pictures that shows a woman walking with an umbrella on a sidewalk
There is a train moving on tracks under electrical wire
There are a lot if cars parked in the street
a white building a traffic light and a street at night
Several people biking and walking through the streets.
A street at night in some town with not so colorful lights.
Traffic is very congested on a busy city highway. 
A large city is on the water with boats.
a train on a track near many trees 
a big long blue train that is on a rail road tracks
A clock with an illuminated face sitting bellow tall buildings.
a train station and a long train is pulling away.
The aerial view of a train heading down the track.
A bus in a major city scene during daytime
Motorbikes and other vehicles move along a one-way city street.
A picture of a bus in the street.
A man riding a bike down a  street next to tall buildings.
A traffic light hanging over several cars on a street.
The freight train is pulling a long line of cargo cars. 
A stop light is red on an intersection.
Street lights lit up on a car less street
An extra-long bus turns a corner with a double decker bus behind.
A photo of an old medieval style church.
A traffic light monstrosity shaped like a tree sitting in a parking lot.
A parking meter with a charity sign on it stands on a sidewalk. 
Two traffic lights flash red while the third is out. 
A street filled with lots of cars and a  man in a  safety jacket.
a bus is driving down a street in the rain
An old fashioned truck with wooden slatted back is stopped at the intersection.
A sidewalk with many cars parked by it.
The designated bike lane appears to be free of traffic.
Traffic signals on wire next to directional sign at city intersection.
Several street signs appear on a city street post.
A bike locked on the side of the street with a bus and a car driving on the road.
A sign cheering on the Colts sports team.
A man riding a motorcycle with a young child sitting on the back of it.
A man with a backpack and suitcase walking along the side of a road.
An intersection with a stoplight has an orange building in the background.
Adults standing on unusual vehicle in roadway of major city.
some police officers on horseback and one on foot
A street light and lamppost with buildings in background.
A police officer on a motorcycle riding alongside a group of protesters who are walking down the street.
A man crossing an intersection on his bicycle in front of a car. 
A tall brick building with a large clock on the side. 
A large group of motorcyclists waiting in the street.
A group of vehicles that are sitting in the street.
A woman stands on the street corner awaiting her train.
A purple pickup truck parked at a gasoline pump.
Statues sitting on top of poles near buildings.
A street scene with a clock tower in the background. 
Adult pulling purple suitcase crossing street on city sidewalk.
A group of people waiting at an intersection to cross
There is an old type sailboat in the distance.
A traveler wlaking on a train platform carrying a suitcase.
A line of red buses on a street in London.
A train travelling on a track near a platform. 
A white fence with a picture of a cartoon character with a blacked out eye.
The group of pedestrians are crossing the busy city street. 
A car is turning left at a street intersection
many people riding scooters on a city street
The city buses are traveling down the street. 
A bus heads down a city street in the rain.
A busy street corner populated with people at night.
A no parking sign hangs crooked from a street pole.
A train is rolling along a railroad track.
A red bus driving down a street with businesses.
A very busy business area with many business signs.
There is a man in the middle of the road
A sign on a pole that has a traffic light attached to it.
A group of different types of cars in the street.
A group of people are riding motorcycles on a road through a town. 
A road closed sign in city street with buildings.
Various traffic lights below a plane in the sky.
A city street crowded with people while raining.
There is a bird standing by a parking meter on the pavement.
A motorcycle parade in the country with police car leading.
Multiple bicycles parked side by side next to a busy street.
A view of a white train riding across a bridge in a city.
There is a small traffic light on the street and the light is green
A man riding a bike down a street next to a traffic light.
A street with traffic lights, wall and buildings.
Three traffic lights, one red, one yellow, and one green. 
An intersection is shown on a cloudy day.
A top view of the city and lights at night.  
An intersection with traffic lights, streetlights, and vehicles at night.
A city bus is waiting at a traffic intersection.
Two people that are crossing the street that has some work being done.
A street sign hanging off the side of a steel pole.
An adult standing in the snow next to the street with an umbrella.
An orange pick up truck is parked int he parking lot.
Orange commuter type train in multi track area.
A traffic light sitting below a do not enter sign.
A traffic light is sitting next to a pole
An unusual street light with its red light shining. 
A man on a motorcycle rounding the corner of a street in a large city
Graffitied fire hydrant looks like its very surprised. 
A motorcyclist hauling an enormous bag of fruit is waiting at a red light.
Traffic on a city street in the evening.
A left turn sign is by a street sign.
A busy street with tall buildings and people walking around.
there is only one car that is parked on this street
A city street with lots of traffic and lined with buildings.
Street with townhouses along it and a bus driving up it.
A double deck bus on a city street near a building under construction.
A man is carrying a large package through the city streets.
Two people on a motorcycle stopped next to a car.
A silver train going through a train station.
Several street signs on a line across the road.
Hot dog and french fries on a table by a window.
A person and a car on a city street at night by some houses.
A child walks down a sidewalk holding an umbrella. 
a parked train sits on two sides of a grassy area 
Cars wait at an intersection on a sunny day.
A horse-drawn carriage traveling down a city road.
A large white and yellow bus riding on a road.
an empty street with white street lines and traffic arrows on the asphalt.
Rolling green hills with red traffic lights in the foreground
a young child on a city street holding an umbrella
People walking on a street on a rainy day.
An old clock tower in a village 
A stoplight that has two separate lights that are different colors
a big bus that is double decker and red
A train going down the tracks by a country road.
People sitting on benches at a bus stop at a city street.
a man either loading or unloading a van with TV's  
a church sits on a busy corner street
Traffic drives down a street at night near an intersection with a green traffic light.
a man with no shirt covering himself from rain
A woman walking down a street while wearing a dress.
A group of people running and being sprayed by a fire hydrant.
there are many police men riding motorcycles on this street 
A two level bus stopping at a bus stop
Black and white photograph of traffic lights next to a bridge.
A man is standing on the platform of a red double-decker bus which is in traffic on the street..  
Two train side by side at a train station. 
A picture of a street sign that says "Balloon Museum".
Multiple people on bicycles on a busy street
a red double decker bus driving down the street
a corner sidewalk with different retail stores in a row
A streetlight in front of a cloudy storm.
A crane truck parked in a parking lot next to cars.
A street sign saying fremont st experience 
some cars sit parked by some department stores 
A white horse in a animal clothing that is orange.
A post on a city intersection with traffic and streets signs and a traffic light.
A double decker bus driving down the road with other cars.
This is a city street at sun set.
A train is riding along a maze of tracks.
A double deck tour bus riding through a busy city street.
A train transporting cargo through a construction site.
Cars, pedestrians and a motorcycle by a large building.
A group of people waiting to cross a busy street.
a double decked bus stopped to pick up passengers
A person rides a bicycle on a brick street.
Man in grey shirt pointing at a street light.
a delta airplane getting ready to takeoff at an airport
A woman is wearing a pink helmet and riding her bike through the city.
The woman in the mirror is taking a picture of herself and the dog.
A street sign sits at an intersection near a store.
Motorcycles are lined up on the sides of a street.
A street with a high level of flood waters.
A stop light with a modern attached street sign.
A nighttime view of some traffic on the street.
A break dancer practices his one handed hand stand.
A picture of some white rails in front of a tall building. 
An above-ground subway car on a city street.
Accident scene with a fire truck tilted on its site.
A view of a traffic light and corner of a building's roof.
Girl and boy stands next to jeep eating donuts
An intersection with a stop sign and a traffic signal with a green arrow.
Some people standing near a pub with a small sign.
A double decker bus traveling down the street, in a crowd of people.
Two trains traveling on electric tracks near a field.
A woman riding a bicycle holds a mobile phone to her ear.
A large blue iPod advertisement on the side of a building.
City street with double decker red buses moving at a rapid pace.
an elephant riding on the back of a car trailer 
The tail lights of a loaded pick-up truck, as seen through a rain covered windshield.
Two men on bikes at the street corner.
A man in black shirt holding an umbrella next to erupted hydrant.
A truck on the road with road signage
A man and woman enjoy a cup of coffee while walking their dog.
a train drives across a small rail way
Motorcycles and cars wait at a red light surrounded by banners.
A traffic light with lots of signs hanging from it.
street scene with bus in middle of road next to man with his hand raised
A long red and blue train traveling along train tracks.
A bus is going through the green light of an intersection.
A billboard that is closer to the ground with people walking by on the street. 
Railroad tracks and trains are seen in a train station.
Double Decker bus on roadway with traffic in large city.
A series of row houses is pictured on Jackson street.
A two story red and white train going down the street .
a corner intersection with a traffic stop sign and graffitti
people constructing the road and the traffic lights
Picture of a man on a motorcycle taken from inside the vehicle behind him.
Black and white photograph of a sign on a city street
People standing by with a lot of motorcycles parked.
A green and yellow chain parks next to a boarding platform. 
A time-elapsed night photograph of traffic on a highway.
A street sign on a white lamp post says Ellis.
A train coming down the tracks over a street.
A train engine is pulling train cars on the tracks.
A man riding a bike down a street with a bus behind him.
a downtown of China with several market signs.
A man that is standing in the street holding two bags.
Two double decker buses going in opposite directions on the same street.
Street lights, a traffic and trees reflected in water.
A traffic light suspended over a street next to a sign.
White ice cream truck offering sundaes and shakes.
There are no people or cars on an empty street.
A large group of cyclists ride by at night.
A city bus driving past a tall building.
Lights of oncoming car at night on a city street.
A green train is moving along the railroad tracks.
Three way traffic signal, one way on W 13 St also adjoining Malcolm X Blvd and Lenox Av.
A city street that has a movie camera set up on the corner and to people sitting in chairs next to it.
view from ground up of a pole holding traffic lights
A poster hung on a pole in front of a stoplight.
Two traffic lights are attached to a pole
A busy street show people crossing the sidewalk.
A beautiful husky riding in cab of a blue truck.
A horse drawn carriage going down a city street.
A brown sign hangs on a post in a city street.
City lights along a city road at night shining bright. 
Black and white photograph of street signs next to building.
Two people ride the motorcycle on the city street.
The electronic stop sign glows brightly at night time.
Several road signs, a traffic light, and walking light on a metal pole.
A tall sign advertising a movie on the side of a building.
A flatbed trailer carrying a motorcycle on back.
A MAN IS RIDING A BIKE IN THE STREET 
Some people on motorcycles waiting at a stop light 
A city street at night with traffic lights, palm trees, and cars.
A woman and child walking in city with rain
a blocked off road with some red lights and street signs 
The street sign for Ronald Reagan Allee in Berlin
A street sign showing a man holding a child's hand.
A crowd of people are standing in a public square.
A city bus has advertisements on it, and it sits in traffic.
Looking at the downtown section of the major city.
A bus parked on a street in front of several buildings. 
The train is travelling down the tracks outside.
Yellow train car just pulling into or out of platform.
big building with a clock at the top
Traffic light with blue sky streaked with clouds backdrop.
A number of people riding down the street on horses dressed in uniform.
The bird is flying above the red lights on the beach.
A city at dark time with the lights on and people walking . 
Bicyclists taking up a lane at a traffic signal.
a couple of cars are waiting in traffic
Two lanes of cars waiting at a traffic light.
a tall red bus is coming down the street
A red train traveling along the tracks through a lot of trees. 
A large building that is on a city street.
A man and a women go towards a crowd with their carry on luggage. 
A double decker bus is driving down the hill.
Protesters hold up signs next to a busy street.
A man is riding a horse while going down the street.
A blue bus driving down a street next to tall buildings.
A group of police riding horses in formation.
A man walks with a bag and a cane.
Large tow truck along side a city double decker bus.
A merchant is selling food on a city street.
Cross street with car in the middle and cars parked along sides of buildings.
A red passenger train is on the tracks.
a yellow fire hydrant on a side walk next to street with passing cars
a streets intersection with some street signs and street lights and cars
A stoplight controlling traffic in an urban intersection
A street intersection in some Asian city somewhere in Asia.
Street lit up at night with parked cars on the side
A red stoplight at an large open intersection.
A black stop light with people walking all over town .
Several stopped cars waiting in front of a traffic light.
A man who is driving down the street on a motorcycle.
Tightly spaced buildings loom over a cyclist and pedestrians. 
A city sidewalk billboard featuring a young woman.
a number of people standing with open umbrellas 
People walking a street by cars and a building.
a street light and signs are lit up 
Vehicles on road with traffic signals at intersection.
A fire breaking out near a busy intersection.
A man is sitting at a stoplight with belongings by his side.
Someone driving down the middle of a street.
A street corner with a collection of traffic lights.
A city street filled with traffic lined with street lights.
A man walking towards his motorcycle on the street. 
a large street with hardly any drivers in it
two gold statues grass buildings people and trees
A mirror has been placed on the side of the street
Someone seems to be taking a photo of the train car on the wheels. 
Apartment building with fire escapes and red traffic light
A young woman standing next to the train and tracks.
Many people walk on the sidewalk with umbrellas on the rainy day.
People walking on a sidewalk during a snowstorm.
A city intersection has several signs on a pole.
a stop light that has bricks under it
The cars are travelling  by the stop light.
A row of palm trees behind a red traffic light.
A street sign that says "Fell" and points to the right.
A traffic light in a city leans as if it is about to fall.
A white train merging towards a platform to make a stop. 
A STREET WITH VEHICLES PASSING BY A PERSON WALKING AT THE SIDE WAY.
City buildings are seen reflected in a convex mirror.
A car is sitting alone at a stop light at night time.
a vintage truck, a fire truck, and a line of police cars
There is no image here to provide a caption for.
Street lights are seen in a dusk setting. 
A bus stop and sidewalk near a park.
A skateboarder doing tricks on a skateboard outside
A man in a suit on a city street.
a lot of cars that are out in the middle of the road
A bus with a Circulator ad on the side is driving at night.
A close up of a traffic light and a one way sign.
two trains on train tracks with buildings in the background
A traffic light with graffiti on the red light portion.
A man standing on a sidewalk, talking to someone in a truck.
Street illuminate the night on a busy street.
A single pole clock lines a night time cityscape.
A sidewalk that has people walking down it near cars.
Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks great.

A red traffic light sitting on the corner of a street.
Older couple and son posing in front of a stretch SUV limousine.
This intersection has one traffic light for all directions.
People crossing the street and cars travelling on the street. 
A traffic light with a street sign that reads Mexico.
A road on both sides of which many street lights are lighted and in front buildings are lighted.
A stop light under a blue tarp with a sign under it pointing up.
A boy jumping his skateboard on a city plaza.
Clock tower in front of a sunset surrounded by buildings.
A busy street with several different street signs
A traffic camera between two traffic lights that are red.
a red bus with yellow wheels parked on the street
views of tall buildings in a city from across the street
A red bus is on the street by a stop light.
The city is busy during this time of day.
A girl on a platform next to a passenger train.
A woman with a suitcase and a woman with a purse wait for a train at a station.
A few people are getting to know one another in affection. 

A street with traffic lights and buildings around it.
A double-deckered city bus makes its way down a street.
a colorful sunset sky above a somewhat busy street
Red buses are traveling down a street in the city.
A stoplight showing a green light in a city.
a woman in a black top and a black and white street sign
A wonderful night view of some tall buildings. 
Many buses on a street with someone directing traffic.
A man working on a pole with a street light hanging down.
A truck driving for a street in the evening. 

Cars driving down a rainy street on a downcast day.
A long exposure image of a street during the night. 
An orange traffic cone with steam pouring out of it.
A skateboarder making a big jump in a parking lot.
A group of people crossing a busy street between two cars.
A view of a city from a sidewalk.
a traffic light above a city street with cars driving
A city at night with a green traffic signal.
A traffic light in front of a cloudy blue sky.
The fire truck is in the middle of a lot of cars.
A street lined with apartment buildings with dusting of snow.
A row of cars at street intersection under a traffic light.
A large traffic light near a stop sign.
A person setting on a bench on a sidewalk holding an umbrella watching a building.
Vehicles at night on a highway near a large hotel.
A woman that is holding a cellphone and purse.
The buildings on the street are all covered in bright lights.
a traffic light with red yellow and green lit up
A large orange semi truck drives through a residential area.
A crowd of people standing around a moving truck.
A building is covered in a colorful geometric mosaic.
The road going through some town is empty.
Colorful commuter train passes through a verdant area
a train moving very fast under a railway station
an orange and black fire hydrant sitting near the street 
a train that is parked on a train track
A black and white image of a busy town. 
A man in a black outfit holds a sign with one hand and holds up his hand with fingers in a V.
A busy city intersection with people and cars
THIS IS A YELLOW STOP LIGHT WITH A BICYCLE SIGNAL
A group of people walking up a snowy road.
a group of people that are standing out by a building
a very busy street with people and cars
Woman riding a bike on a street with parked cars.
Four people are standing on the sidewalk waiting for the bus.
The corner of a city street neat a building with a clock tower. 
Various street signs and two stop lights in the city.
 a woman standing in a parking lot next to a light pole in the dusk
A group of people riding bicycles down a street.
A man walking down a rain covered sidewalk.
Vehicle traffic on a paved road in a large metropolitam area.
THERE IS AN EMPTY STREET WITH NO CARS ON IT
The man is walking a bicycle while talking on a cell phone. 
A stop light with a street sign in the background.
a street light with a statue of a man on top
A street sign on a metal post in front of a busy street.
A Coca Cola truck is making a left hand turn at the intersection.
Two children standing near a yellow fire hydrant.
A car load of people travel past a green light.
A long train traveling across a street near a forest.
Police riding horses on a public street in London.
A stop light in an intersection on a street
A sign with a street name attached to a pole at an intersection.
A street intersection with street lights in a small town.
a couple of street signs sit next to a road 
The signs show Beattie Place and Colege St in Falls Park.
a train on a train track near a train station
a lit crosswalk sign on a city street
A mini police car is parked next to a fire hydrant
A stoplight is lit up with a symbol of a girl walking.
A old coal engine train coming down the railroad track.
A man walking near a busy area with patio tables and umbrellas with buildings in the background.
A park bench on a lonely, quiet street at night.
Two signs, one for a hotel and one explaining a traffic light.
A very big building with a tall clock tower on it.
The front of a bus on a city street with buildings and pedestrians around.
A street scene with an electric bus going by.
some large billboards standing on the side of some tall buildings
A car turns an intersection in a neighborhood of houses.
some traffic lights besides a building and some road signs
the sun setting into the horizon behind some trees.
Adult male approaching center court during match play.
A large and busy intersection with several light and traffic lanes.
A bright orange sign reads "end of roadwork". 
A street sign is at a call city intersection.
an image of people doing horticulture on a busy street
A elderly man crossing the street at an intersection.
a large yellow truck is on the street
A view from the side of a train with a grassy scenery.
A group of pedestrians stand around a traffic light.
A double exposed picture of a brightly lit up part of the city.
A train parked on tracks outside a colorful train station. 
People are walking on a rainy street with umbrellas.
a phone sign on a pole in the street.
A pack of horsemen riding through streets with uniform on
There is traffic on a busy city street. 
A crowded city street on a cloudy day 
A traffic light and a crosswalk light on the ground.
A tall building next to a traffic light over a street.
A large, red bus that is going down the street.
People standing around on a busy street in the city.
A road with trucks next to traffic lights 
An American flag hanging from a street light next to a clock.
A large long train on a steel track.
A firetruck is passing through an intersection at dusk.
a street people cars trees and buildings and police
A group of people on street next to a row of motorcycles.
buses for people are loading up on a street
Yellow train pulling a long row of train cars behind it. 
Four lights are suspended from the traffic signal.
A bus with people looking out the open windows, driving on a city street.
A person is biking along a city street near road construction at night.
A street full of buildings with various signage in the middle of city
There are cars in the street and buildings in a city. 
A fire hydrant on a street corner with tall buildings in the background.
A couple of detour signs pointing in opposite directions.
A man wearing a Road Kill is sitting next to a teddy bear 
A traffic light and sign show travelers where to go.
a street view of a traffic light in a residential area
Large glass building shining from sunlight on it. 
a pole with a street sign and street light under a bright blue sky
A dollar is on the side of the store next to a street.
Two trains idle on the platform at a train station
A woman walking on a sidewalk talking on a cell phone.
A crowd of people walking down a sidewalk.
Traffic in a large city with high rise buildings 
A view of two traffic lights and an open road through a car windshield.
A street scene with a bus and a woman standing on the sidewalk.
A passenger train that is about to pull into a station.
The silhouette of a horse is elevated near a row of tall buildings.
A street sign near a fire hydrant on a sidewalk.
A street sign with leaves casting a shadow over it.
Three people on motorcycles on a street, waiting at a traffic light.
An old photograph of a city street lined with cars.
Snow covered railroad tracks set against a mountain scene.
A traffic light with a bike lane sign on it in the middle of a road.
A white and red bus turning on street next to buildings.
A street with traffic lights, signs and palm trees around it.
Two electronic traffic signals have a street sign between them.
Foreign signs and four and marking on city during the night
This seems to be a close up of a traffic model. 
Rain drops on a windshield in a city at a stoplight
A car and motorcycle stopped at a light in a city. 
The motorcycle officer is heading the city parade.
A street with some cars and traffic lights and a dark sky
A traffic light atop a post in a business district.
A vacant city street with a traffic signal on a dark night.
The lights of an electronic traffic signal are glowing at night.
A transit bus driving down a highway by some fast food restaurants.
Some men are playing basketball on the street.
Autumn trees are next to hanging stop lights.
A bunch of signs and lights on a city pole

A green transport truck parked on the side of a road.
Several people waiting to board a subway that has stopped

A train car covered with graffiti on the tracks
A train with a yellow engine is on the tracks.
A busy city street and a cluster of cabs in a parking lot.
A traffic light sitting on the side of a road next to tall buildings.
A car stopped at a red stop light.
The man is jumping for joy by the fire hydrant. 
A gray train is on a train track near a long tunnel.
Rail station for people to board trains awaiting light.
A street pole stating three different street names and numbers.
A low shot of a traffic signal with a bunch of balloons in the background.
People are walking on a street with large street signs.
A red streetlight hanging over a weavy road.
A train is stopped at a train station.
A car is driving down a street camera through windshield
A street banner going from one building to another.
A street with restaurants and shops with Italian flags.
a street light with some sign hanging from it 
Three men standing around a double decker bus.
A woman with a purse standing on sidewalk next to vehicles.
A person on a skate board riding the down the street.
Green and yellow bus behind stoplight in a building.
A red traffic light with the sun blaring in the distance.
A dashboard and a windshield with the view of a city street.
Three people holding up their left hands while sitting together on a bench.
A person walking down a street next to trees.
The inside of a vehicle which displays a GPS and the view of a busy city
A big rusty pole with some assorted signs on it.
A group of people walking up and down a sidewalk.
A blue and yellow bus on street next to tree.
Two signs on a wide crosswalk in a city at night.
a street full of cars sitting at a stop light with a store near by
A double decked bus sitting on the curb.
Two cars collide at a snowed, iced-over intersection.
black and white of people  with umbrellas
A bus traveling down the street during the day.
The street signs of the intersection of Crooks Rd and Corporate Dr.
A bra in the middle of the street.
Palm trees and a traffic light stand in a downpour.
Traffic signal and street sign at the corner of Floyd Ave and N Linden.
A traffic light with the yellow light and the don't walk light lit up.
The reflection of a sitting dog in a mirror
A clock on a pole sitting in the center of down town Manhattan.
A bus driving over a puddle of water next to a man on the street.
There's a Hollywood street sign on a traffic light
A green metal clock tower in a city square.
A toy train model set with a person on a bicycle over looking a bridge side.
A green street light in between two buildings.
A pedestrian sign on a building on a dark street.
Buses on the left lane and cars stopped at a traffic light
The entrance to the Transit Mall Station is surrounded by buildings.
A tall building with lots of green trees in front of it.
A wide pedestrian crossing leading to a shopping square
traffic lights on and vehicles moving at night
Clouds partially blocking the sun behind a building.
Group of motorcycle police riding down a city street.
A street scene with several cops on motorcycles.
Cars driving on the street and people walking on the sidewalk in a city.
A man who is on a skateboard on a ledge.
The passenger train is pulling grey train cars. 
Streetlights in a small town with a water tower
A double decker bus picking up passengers at a stop
a man with a helmet riding on a motorcycle
a large woman riding a motor cycle in the city
A green train is sitting at a red light on the tracks.
A boy skateboarding down a city sidewalk, surrounded by buildings.
Cars are driving through a green traffic light.
A couple of traffic lights on a pole.
Cars are moving fast along this street at twilight. 
A street filled with buses and cars surrounded by tall buildings.
a person on a bike that is going across the road
A large jetliner landing on a runway at an airport.
A large group of people and a man on a motor bike.
Street lights on the corner of a building with sign on top
Some people crossing a big busy city street with traffic.
Two people walk on the wet sidewalk carrying umbrellas.
That building looks like the building downtown in Atlanta.
A man is standing next to a meter with a meter maid.
Cars are sitting at a stop light at an intersection.
Two one way signs that are on top of a pole.
A city at street at night covered in street lights.
A stylized photograph of a police officer on a motor bike while a crowd stands behind him on the sidewalk.
a street sign on the corner of a city street
A cathedral stands next to another building in a city.
A stop light and a no crossing signal both shine red on the city street.
People standing in the street on the other side of a traffic signal.
a black and white photo of a flock of freshly sheared sheep.
A lot of people around and under a tent in a city.
Five people playing in the snowy city streets, two are skiing.
The street sign at the intersection of Broadway and 7th avenue is the star of this picture.
A line of people stand against a fence by tracks.
a number of cars on a street with traffic lights 
A semi truck and a city bus on a roadway.
A vintage train pulls up to the station.
An intersection with traffic lights and street signs.
A small horse pulls a person in a small cart.
a sign showing direction and the name of the street
Two pictures of traffic lights on that is red and the other green.
A man parked on a moped looking at his phone.
A public transportation tram is stopped at a station.
Two stop signs and traffic light with people walking past them.
a double deckered bus on a city street
A busy street with many cars, buildings and stop light.
A car turns the corner of an intersection in the rain.
People are standing on the side of a street.
a couple of cars are driving down the street
Two men on the street putting something in their mouths
A large red bus and car on a city street.
A busy city street looking all the way down the street 
A transit bus in front of a double deck tour bus.
A man holds a guitar on an urban street corner near parked vehicles.
A moving truck passes through an intersection legally.
A city bus waits at a red light.
The long street sign is beside a traffic light.
A fire hydrant on a busy corner surrounded by refuse.
The SUV is stopped in the middle of the crosswalkj.
A pole with many signs near a traffic light.
A  coal train going down the train tracks.
Buses lining the street with someone getting on.
A double-decker bus in traffic on a busy city street.
Two one way street signs posted on a street sign
People on sidewalk by bus on city street with other bus, car, grass, and tall buildings.
A man riding a skateboard across a cement park.
Both traffic lights read green as three cars travel down the road. 
Street sign showing the name of the street in English and then in 
Asian characters below
Motorcycles parked on the side of a street.
A stop sign with graffiti about the Red Sox
a street pole sits next to a city street 
many motorcycles parked on a city street near the curb
Pedestrians walk across a busy city street on a crosswalk.
Photos of a crowd scene are taken using cell phones.
a bus prepares to make a turn on the street
some red double decker buses cars and a policeman on a motorcycle
The green traffic light is near the skyscrapers in the city. 
a traffic light two black and white signs and a building
A bus that is riding in the street.
There is a pink double decker bus in the street
Group of fire fighters riding on the back of a fire truck.
Group of people standing outside a large double decker bus. 
A city street filled with lots of traffic.
A bus parked in front of a bus stop near a parking lot.
a train on a track near many trees with a sky background
Several police on horses sitting at a street intersection.
A red light hanging above a city intersection
a food truck sits parked underneath a street light 
A person flying a kite in a big grass field in a park.
A city side walk crowded with many people by a street.
Crossing guard waiting at corner near No Parking sign.
A large clock with red numbers is shown above a checkpoint.
There are people on an outside platform waiting for the approaching train.
A rainy day in a nice city area. 
People walking in the street in front a large building.
a parked train sits on a bridge under power lines 
A street filled with traffic next to a traffic signal.
A man walking across a street with buses and a car.
there is a black clock on this very busy street 
Person riding their skateboard on the street with the cars.
A car sits on the sidewalk at a red stoplight. 
A man sitting on a box at a traffic light street side.
A street sign where there is currently construction.
A person that is out on a motorcycle.
Railway tracks, over head cables and a train passing by
A street pole with a yellow light and a no-walking sign.
A subway train with multiple cars at a station.
cars parked on one side of the street and empty  parking meters on the other side
A snowy road has green traffic lights on it.
A red traffic light on a light post in a city street.
a orange and blue bus riding down a road
Traffic is being directed by the traffic signals
Car lights are shining all along the busy street.
A freeway sign states Las Vegas north in the background behind a yellow and blue fire hydrant
A double decker bus on a busy, narrow street.
a man is pulling a couple of bags down the street
A street scene at night shows trailing lights. 
A red light on the side of an old building near an alley way.
A street area with people and cars at night.
A street under a traffic light and street sign in city.
A bicycle sign is attached to a telephone pole.
A streetlight hanging in the air on a cloudy day.
long double-bus driving into an intersection behind trolley tracks
A group of people crossing a street near a traffic light.
A green traffic light at a sign saying Seymour Street.
A traffic signal sign and an airplane in flight.
People walking downtown and traffic during the day.
A suburban street, railroad tracks, a motorcycle, and the setting sun.
A city bus at a bustop with people 
Men on horses make their way down the road.
There are many cars and buses on the busy highway.
A large jetliner flying over a row of runway lights.
a tall building next to some street signs and traffic lights 
A street scene of an intersection with a bus and cars.
A few people are crossing the street in the city. 
Busy commuters in a city walking down the street.






Two gray buses are driving through city traffic
a streeet with buses and other vehicles and stop lights
A young person that has an umbrella and is trying to cross the street. 
Colorful commuter train on tracks at platform in urban city.
A transit train and a black car have collided in the street.
a woman walking down a street talking on a cell phone
A vintage luncheonette sign advertising cola on a city street.
A brown and white horse hitched to a red and white carriage.
People walking down the street doing different things
Cars and pedestrians traveling on a crowded city street.
The traffic lights are directing where the traffic should go. 
A man wearing a jacket walking across a street at a cross walk.
CARS PASSING A BUS ON A BUSY STREET 
Men standing near motorcycles parked outside near a building.
An intersection in front of Notre Dame in Paris.
A guy sits on a public bench with protesting signs.
A truck in Israel waits at a traffic light.
A large group of traffic lights next to a street.
a black and white sign on a wood pole
A car and a sign on a city street.
a trash can sitting next to a payphone on a sidewalk 
Traffic light is red with two vehicles on other side in the distance.
A bus passes a car on a busy street.
A street filled with traffic stopped at a traffic light.
A train is waiting at the station for passengers.
a number of traffic lights on a city street
A safety conscious military dressed motorcyclist in traffic. 
A traffic light indicating green at an intersection.
An extreme close up of the green portion of a stop light.
A sign for the Elephant Car Wash and a lamp post. 
The commuters are going home in the twilight.
A four lane highway with an overpass that has highway signs attached to it.
A traffic light is featured with traffic in the background.
A view shows large buildings, a large clock, and a Ferris wheel. 
A blue ford pickup truck traveling down the street.
A carriage carrying several people is being pulled by two horses.
The cars are passing by while a pedestrian in blue shirt is waiting to cross the street.
A man looks down at a doll while standing beside a picnic table.
A white mail truck traveling down a snow covered street.
A group of cars stopped at a  stop light.
The city skyscrapers are lit up at night.
A street scene with multiple delivery trucks on the road.
A city street post with cameras mounted on it
The traffic lights are green at this quaint intersection.
a long pole with signal lights and signs are by a building
A double decker bus in London has stopped to pick up and drop off people.
A flooded city filled with water up to traffic light poll.
A sign advertises registration at Harriet Tubman Elementary.
A traffic light with bicycle lanes and vehicle lanes running beside it.
This distant shot shows the horizon with several train cars.
A rainy night with car lights and a red stop signal.
Traffic is passing through an intersection in front of a building at night. 
A street post on a corner with stuffed animals near it
A large red bus driving down a street blocked off by barricades. 
A man with an umbrella crossing the street in the rain in Washington, DC.
A photo of a street intersection taken from a vehicle.
A group of people sitting on top of a bench.
The back of a moving truck that has a man standing on a lift with a royalty style chair next to him.
a desolate street during the with only two cars traveling on it
Pilots in uniform marching down a US city street
A woman crossing a street in a cross walk.
A blue street sign that is under a pole.
A round clock on a colorful tower near a harbor.
Cars are moving down the street in the dark city.
A stop light with a traffic sign sits in front of a building.
People gathered around the corner of a sidewalk next to a bus.
Some cars that are driving down a city street.
Lanes of cars stopped at a traffic light are viewed from a distance. 
A firetruck parked on a city street at night.
A traffic scene including braking vehicles on a street.
A row of motorcycles parked on a side walk near a street.
A street scene in New York with people and blurry cow in the foreground. 
A bus turning down a road while people wait on it .
A large green double decker bus parked in front of a building.
A woman talking on a cell phone while walking down a street.
A traffic signal underneath some tall buildings. 
A sideways stoplight hangs next to some wires.  
A train is driving down the tracks next to people who are waiting.
A busy city area with a don't honk sign 
The traffick signal is showing a red light. 
The truck is hauling a very large load.
Many groups of people walk down the sidewalk.
A red and black train traveling past a tall building.
A group of people wearing exercise clothing an jackets crossing an intersection together.
A bed made up with linens, is outside on a street corner.
A picture of a stoplight from a window.
A busy street with many traffic lights and traffic jam.
A building on haight street across from a building
car in front of old building with a clock in the middle of the buildig
The young skateboarder wears a pink shirt and a backpack.
People walk through the streets while holding umbrellas.
A bus driving down a snow covered street.
a street with only a couple cars on it
A lime green train rolls through an industrial area of a city.
people standing on the of the road in japan 
some people on a street and some green and white street signs
A view through a window of two women walking on a street corner.
many people cars grass trees and a white monument
A red light in front of a building. 
A person with a red umbrella walking in the rain.  
Bikes and cars moving in their respected lanes in a road.
The person is standing on the snow covered road. 
A crosswalk near an intersection on a busy city street.
A bunch of lights that are in the street.
There is a train with lights going down a track.
A traffic light sitting on the side of a road.
An officer on a motorcycle turning on street with a building in the background.
a white bus is coming down the street
A blue sign mounted above a sidewalk near a street.
A train crossing the road with cars waiting.
A bus is driving on the street behind some cars.
Two duplicate images show a tennis player swinging at a ball.
A street corner with traffic light and house in background.
A residential scene of a house with several signs posted on a pole
A car is passing under an Asian styled red arch
A man stands in the grass beside a road sign.
The setting sun seen from an industrial section of a city
Darkness is setting on a street with stop lights.
A red car stopped at a traffic light.
Cars stopped at an intersection waiting to proceed
A city bus has poles on it that go up to wires.
a street sign with a traffic light underneath
A stoplight has a crossing sign allowing pedestrians to walk.
Street with busses and taxis and people walking.
A traffic barrell sits next to a red fire pole near an intersection.
A train passing through a railroad crossing  near buildings.
The same building is shown in the horse and buggy days and today.
the B train rides along some tracks surrounded by trees and buildings on either side
A person looking at a phone outside next to crowds. 
A yellow fire hydrant on the sidewalk next to the curb. 
Man taking a picture of a man on a motorcycle. 
A multicolored train pulling into a train station.
a pedestrian traffic light with street name and pedestrian crossing signs
A two story commuter bus driving down a city street.
Two motorcycle policemen are in the crowd watching.
a bench on the street with some drawn pics
A street light with the green light shaped like a clover.
A young man riding a skateboard across a city street.
A traffic light and a kid on the side of the street.
The large double decker bus is painted orange.
A white and black street sign next to a traffic light.
Large dome building sitting behind a city street. 
A group of people on a sidewalk beside city stores
A photo of a couple on a motorcycle with two blocks of advertisement printed over them.
Some street signs with one saying thirteen and a half street.
A car and bus are driving down the street.
A black and red double decker bus on street next to a building.
there are many cars that are waiting for the light to turn green 
There is an image of an outdoor area. 

A pink van setup as a food truck parked on the street.
A downtown metropolitan area, with a view of a streetlight for bicycles.
The traffic light is green for people to cross the street. 
A train is about to stop on the rails.
A city street intersection with a traffic signal.
The night is foggy and there are many lights at this intersection.
The red and yellow fire truck is in traffic with cars and trucks.
An information sign depicting the location of the mailbox.  
A man drives a train down a track.
A plan rests in a small airport situated near a mountain.
Blue passenger bus parked on the side of a city street. 
a close up of a street sign with a building
A city intersection with large numbers of commuters and pedestrians.   
an image of a train going down the railroad track
A women who is walking down the street at night.
Pedestrians hold umbrellas as they cross the street as snow starts to fall.
A sign in a city street is stating no peddling.
A woman is standing at a crosswalk with a light.
A red double decker bus is going down a city street.
City traffic on roadway near with mountains in background.
A man stands in between two horses and looks up at another man.
Stop light laying on the ground at a street corner.
Large display of traffic signals near roadway in city setting.
An orange fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
a bunch of people walk through the streets of a town
Light post with two stoplights and street sign

A blurry image of a street at night.
A run down theater on the street corner. 
The large truck with a red cargo bed is parked in clearing.
a tow truck going down the road with a silver car on the back of it 
an image of a person riding a bike down the street
A traffic signal at an intersection covered in snow.
A group of trucks that are used for building houses.
A truck on a busy street outside a restaurant.
A picture of cars parked on the side of a street.
A public bus sits at the bus stop.
a school bus is stopped at an intersection light while a bus crosses in the opposite direction
A wide angle view of buildings in a city 
a gate blocking the road until the train goes by 
There are many people walking on the busy downtown street.
a bunch of street signs and street lights 
A street view of a black clock tower.
Two buses that are sitting in the street.
a street that has some trees next to it
Construction cones are set up around a circular area on a cobblestone vehicular street.
A white van is driving down the street on a rainy day.
some cars a traffic light a building and the sun
a truck stopped on a street at a red light
A large group of people on motorcycles about to ride.
A truck parked on the street beside a parking meter.
Red stop light at dusk with wires above and clouds behind.
A bus is driving down a city street.
A small clock tower in a town plaza.
there is a black pick up truck with a dog on the back
A group of people with conducted stepping onto a train.
A traffic light and two cameras attached to a metal pole.
A red bus drives through the icy streets of an old city.
A view of the Skiliner hotel sign from a distance.
TONS OF BASKETS OF APPLES FOR SALE AT AN OUTSIDE MARKET
Many people and vehicles are traveling down a city street and sidewalk.
A large bridge filled with heavy traffic next to a large city.
A view of a city at night with a building in the back.
A street with a large banner advertising Christmas trees.
Two men on horseback while a pedestrian feeds them carrots.
A clock is shown at the top of a tower.
A bus driving through traffic in a city with skyscrapers.
A building that is reflecting another building on its side.
A crane fixing a street light next to buildings.
A street intersection in the United States with a shop called "The Buttery".
Advertising on the side of a double decker bus at night
A red double decker bus in the middle of a street.
A woman takes a picture of a train on a track.
A yellow traffic light sitting on the side of a building.
A bus is driving along a rainy street.
A large terminal type building with streets on both sides.
several cars along an urban street cluttered with street signs.
A person sleeping on a bench on a busy street
A black car driving underneath a traffic light and street sign.
A barren street corner with city lights at night. 
Cars drive on a road just outside of a city.
People walking in a crosswalk carrying umbrellas in the rain.
The man is walking toward the Best Market.
many cars on a city street with a traffic light above
A view of two parking meters and a car across the street in front of a white house.
A guitar, a backpack, and a suitcase on the ground.
A large red and white bus on a street.
The famous street sign is located by the street light.
A busy city street filled with lots of traffic.
Winter traffic amidst snow piles in a tourist town.
New York city street near the Lincoln tunnel
the road is filled with lots of cars and busses
A person in a pacman suit next to a fire hydrant.
A metro bus with a dinosaur billboard is passing by an architectural residential building.
two lights same direction two different colors 
A view down a street with buildings in the background.
The street crowd is headed to the winter event.
A split highway sign on a split highway 
A street sign and a traffic light in front of a building. 
A truck on a street with a car on the back.
A man walks through a crosswalk next to a passing bus.  
A street light with a hanging sign near trees.
A train crossing with a train coming down the railroad tracks.
A pole has street signs and traffic lights on it.
A large group of motorcycles traveling down a city road.
Traffic is flowing next to the large buildings. 
a street with some cars a bus and a person on a bicycle
A bus is driving down a city street.
The traffic lights at this intersection are suspended on cables. 
an illuminated night in the city streets with cars and street signs
a man in street riding his bicycle 
Traffic light and a street sign on a medal pole.
a big building with the big ben tower on the side 
A picture of a train going on some train tracks.
A street with buses, cars and many wire
A clock tower stands beside a busy street.
A stop lite with street signs sits above the road.
Empty street in front of a fast food restaurant.
this is a street at night with many lights on
yellow lines painted on city street at night
A fire hydrant on a city street on a snowy day.
A two story white house with dark gray shingles next to a public road.
Horses pull a carriage through a quaint street.
A couple of benches sitting in the middle of a train station.
A small intersection has been photographed in black and white
A brightly colored bus painted with a mustache rolls down a city street.
A duck walking through a gas station where two motorcycles sit at the pumps.
A view of a tall white tower behind a traffic signal. 
A busy street with cars and turning lane signs and palm trees.
Protest march in action in downtown unknown city
A two-part sign about democracy at a crosswalk.
a couple of women that are playing some tennis
there is a woman riding a bike and holding a umbrella
This man is riding his skateboard on the edge of a sidewalk.
A man with a sports jersey is selling something
A man performs a trick in a city intersection.
A double decker bus tour of the city.
A large group of green street signs and buildings
An advertisement next to a bus stop on the side of a street.
an electronic street sign on a snowy city street
some blue trucks and a man and some trees
a couple of lights and signs on some poles
A black and white picture of a building
a white horse is pulling a white cart and some buildings
a car that is going down a street in front of large buildings
A couple of palm trees sitting around a traffic light.
Vehicle traffic stopped at an intersection near a department store.
A yellow train on a train track with blue sky overhead.
A person jumping up in the air on a skateboard.
Large sized bull grazing over dumped produce in the road.
A clock sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.
Street signs that appear to be in German giving directions
A vehicle is shown pulled over on the side of a road.
Red double-decker buses and black taxis on a crowded street in London.
This is a busy city street with many bright signs at dusk.
Three men standing outside a parked eighteen wheeler truck.
A town square with many pedestrians walking about.
A red double-decker bus, Number 15, is on the road. 
A crowd of people walking down a busy city street.
A clock is on the wall of a building.
Dark shot of cars parked on city street.
A stop light is shown with buildings in the background.
a traffic light on a city street 
a red double decker bus on a street in front of a sidewalk
A train at a train station with multiple carts.
Many round illuminated clocks in the city at night.
Setting up to do a commercial in the UK.
A truck is crossing a busy and rainy intersection
A red traffic light hanging from a wire with a faded stop sign under it.
A bus is stopped at a red light.
Bunches of bananas on the tree speak of a location in a tropical climate.
The man is riding a three wheeled bike outside.
A person is crossing a bare street 
A reporter being filmed near the scene of an accident.
The truck has an oversize sign on the back.
Motorists and bicyclists in a busy city square.
A maroon colored truck is behind a red bus.
The cars were parked along the street near the traffic light.
A building that is a large parking garage. 
a couple of people are crossing a street
A black and white picture of people on bikes
An intersection filled with traffic near a railroad crossing signal.
A train drives into the train station. 
some people are laying outside on some wood
A cluster of street light signals on a single post.
a man in a tan jacket is carrying a traffic light
A one story red building with a large yellow "Feed Barn" sign advertising "backyards to stockyards."
a couple of parked motor cycles sitting next to a tree 
a street sign with a sky in the background
A picture of an guy on a motorcycle.
A bunch of signs and flyers hanging on a traffic light pole
A great shot of a busy area with a red van traveling. 
A yellow and green train sitting idle on the railroad track
The lights of a traffic signal glow brightly outside of a skyscraper. 
A blue van or truck is riding down the street.
A wide sidewalk has a tiered tower with a clock toward the top.
A stoplight oriented horizontally is mounted on an city street.
A car driving down a street late at night.
A street sign near a traffic light pole.
An traffic light intersection with several cars and a jeep.
a truck on a road riding down a street corner. 
an intersection filled with cars passing by signs
A group of law enforcement officials moving through tear gas.
Double decker bus in front of store on empty street.
There are lots of people visiting the Asian shop.
a public transit bus on a city street 
A busy street corner has lots of people and vehicles.
A man riding a skateboard being towed by a woman on a bike.
The people are riding their bikes on the street . 
a row of people on vespas near an overpass
The traffic lights are clearly visible for all of us to see. 
A large ice cream cone sits next to an umbrella on a city street.
A semi truck with two smaller trucks on back of it.
There is a sign pointing to a random box in the middle of a street.
A red stop sign posted to a yellow pole in front of a toll booth.
There are many cars and trucks on a street.
A white and blue fire hydrant near a street.
A city worker repairing a traffic light next to a power pole.
An old building with a crowed outside of it 
A traffic light that is green and a couple of signs on the post.
A close up of a traffic light at night
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STAND WITH LOTS OF WATERMELONS
People walking across the street in front of a clock. 
A mobile home is transported by truck through the city.
Colorful vehicles in roadway near large building in city.
A man in a black jacket riding a skateboard on the street.
Three dogs playing and chasing each other on a bench.
a blue pickup truck waiting for a pedestrian to cross the street
A clock sitting on a sidewalk next to a tree.
Woman walking on street with long bus ridi9ng down street
An intersection of a busy city street at night 
A bicycle stopped at a city intersection as a tram goes through.
A girl is sitting with a stuffed dog and a poodle dog.
Cars are stopped for a red light at an intersection.
A metro train is leaving the station after picking up passengers
A traffic light with a diesel truck riding by.
The street sign post is near a street lamp.
a highway sign to boston and albany ny 
A city street filled with lots of traffic near trees.
this is a clock and a building at night
A car next to a bus on a city street
A rundown looking bowling alley somewhere in Asia. 
Man sitting on bench with smart phone and pack, while woman sleeps on bench.
A car is shown next to other cars.
A clock tower sitting in the middle of a road.
A traffic light with signage for a motel in the background.
A traffic light on red with a large building behind it.
An old blue and white train sitting on the tracks
is bus bus is red and has people in it while it moves away
A view of a clock tower at night is seen from the street. 
Street signs that are named after famous politicians.
A traffic light and some cars on a city street.
A train is approaching on a track in the early evening. 
People are standing around a large parking machine.
A picture of a street with a gas station on the sides and cars coming towards the camera.
A cop riding on the back of a police motorcycle.
A woman is holding a cell phone to her ear and is talking and walking down a red cobbled road.
A road sign giving directions near some buildings
Small commuter train with passengers aboard on tracks.
It's too late to start walking across the street.
A pole with yellow traffic lights mounted to the sides of it.
There are people standing around in a crowd.
A yellow fire hydrant in a city area.  
An intersection with a traffic light, traffic sign and garbage cans. 
A large train travels down tracks near a field. 
A tall building with a pointy top with a taxi in front of it.
The truck is on a road with colored trees. 
An inner city office building with unique lighting at night.
Looking out the windscreen at the traffic at an intersection
Harrods department store in London with an old fashioned cab driving by.
Two police officers on horseback crossing the road. 
A woman riding a bike down a street.
a black and white photo of some people trees and buildings
Cars and trucks driving down a street with people on the corner.
A street corner shows a traffic light and street signs.
an empty street at sunset with some red lights 
The lights and sights of a busy, populated city in Asia.
Street lights in the middle of a street
A pizza restaurant is on the corner of a busy intersection.
Adults and children standing in the street by a commercial passenger van.
A brown and yellow buss crossing a street in the rain.
Passenger train crossing a bridge next to a grassy field.
A view of a very busy city road interchange.
All of the cars are parked on the street.
Man dressed in black skateboarding down a street.
A horse drawn carriage coming down a city street
A truck is driving through a city intersection.
A view of a sign that says Western Av,but its sideways and on the ground.
A clock tower above a bench and a planter full of flowers.
A car parked on the side of the street.
A traffic light is tipping over and is going to fall. 
A cyclist riding toward a city on the freeway.
A small red train with passengers riding along a park.
a stack of plastic chairs next to a table that has some food on it
A red, white, blue, and silver train at a station.
A stoplight and a sign reading "Guadalajara" in front of a building.
Traffic signal with walk light, near a bus stop.
a red haired woman waiting at a stop light with her bike
The man presses the button on the traffic light as he waits to cross the street.
A man laying on the ground next to a traffic light.
A woman walking down a street talking on the phone.
There are many cars and trucks driving down the street.
There is a traffic light with street signs above it.
A street with a bagel bakery and people walking in front of the store on the sidewalk.
Close up of a unit of four traffic lights, with a green light on one and a red light visible on another attached to perpendicular pole, with sides of two different tall buildings behind.
Traffic moves on a busy city street next to tall buildings.
The tennis racket is taped to a street pole near many parked cars.
People on horseback are lined up in formation for a parade.
a street with a lot of trees and some cars on it 
a traffic light above a street near a building 
An office building is lit up on all floors as a bus makes its way around it.
A traffic light on the corner of a street.
White bus on an empty tree lined street
People walking down the street carrying umbrellas in front of a bus.
a road with so many road signs 
A sign is posted to alert walkers while traffic is just entering a bend.
A traffic light with it's green light busted.
A train traveling towards a tunnel under a bridge.
A "No Walking" signal on a city street post. 
It is night time and a group of people are standing on a corner talking and a white building in the background is all lit up.
A train driving down the tracks under power lines.
We are looking up the street at an old church.
A woman is walking her dog and has stopped at a corner and is looking at all the lights and buildings.
a man walking down the side of the road with a suitcase and a backpack 
A road running along side a rocky shore next to the ocean.
this is a shot of a city at night
A person is walking across a street near a traffic light.
The pedestrian carries bags in both of his hands.
A group of people with umbrellas waiting to cross the street. 
A sign advertising an eatery in which people can eat burgers.
A view of a rural area, with construction on a road nearby. 
a street with two yellow light street lights
Two men with a phone on a sidewalk.
An officer is sitting still on a horse.
There is a sign displayed along with two cigarette advertisements.
A building overpass displays and advertisement for office space.
Signs hand over a highway overpass near a traffic light while a large city looms in the distance.
A large number of motorcycles parked along a dark street.
Black and white billboard behind a street sign. 
The traffic light at the intersection is green.
a tall clock tower with a sky background
Various street signs that read Danforth avenue 
an image of a truck that is hoisting up
Grey and black striped cat sitting on the hood of a car. 
A group of people on the side of the road.
A cloudy city sky over a bunch of buildings
The back of a moving truck with the door open next two some cars.
a truck on a city street stopped at a traffic light
A view of a train station from the parking lot.
Cars are waiting for a train to pass in a city intersection.
The corner of a mostly empty city street
A double decker bus driving down a road
A group of people protest peacefully on the street
The traffic lights in the city are directing traffic. 
A man wearing glasses can been seen on a skateboard.
a number of people riding motorcycles on a street
Large lit up blue bridge in the dark of the night.
A boy is jumping from a bench on his skateboard. 
A city street filled with traffic and line with tall buildings.
A woman walking past a car parked on the sidewalk.
Several large buildings in a downtown type area
A large building sits on the corner with a stop light.
At night motorcycles fill up a parking lot.
Many street lights are seen and a cloudy sky. 
A man with a skateboard is standing outside a castle. 
Couple walking in the rain on a city sidewalk.
An instagramed picture of the inside of a restaurant door featuring many ZAGAT signs.
Police on motorcycles are riding on a city street.
A street corner with a bunch of trash on it.
A large clock tower with a wind indicator on the side of a street.
A car at an intersection while a man is crossing the street. 
some blue and white signs some cars and street lights
a tall building stands far above the city line
Old fashioned photo of some buildings with cars and a bus outside.
A commuter train that is crossing over a street.
A city street at night with a clock tower in the back ground.
A dog is lying on the sidewalk outside of a restaurant.
a bunch of people riding on bikes down a street 
A city skyline seen from the street during twilight as traffic moves on.
A car sitting at a stop light at dusk.
Traffic lights surmount the entry to a tunnel in a city.
A group of people who are crossing the street.
A woman has a red flag walking down the street.
A man holding onto a street sign among a crowd of people.
A sign letting drivers know that pedestrians will be crossing. 
A group of motorcyclists are talking on a street corner.
A large sized dog holding his head out of a car window.
The street light is red on one side and green on the other. 
Onlookers watch as a skateboarder performs a jump.
a big group of stop lights on a pole
A man in blue shirt and neck scarf reading a booklet next to a traffic sign.
A train traveling past a tall brown building.
A pink colored transit bus parked as passengers board it.
Cars stopped at a light signal in a neighborhood 
A view through a windshield of a traffic light.
Three stop lights grow red on a rainy street.
A bus on the side of the road in a city in front of a tan building with green awnings. 
A police officer on a horse is trotting down a city street. 
a street sign on a corner of a street 
A policeman patrolling on a skateboard in a city.
a line of autos traveling down city street 
Palm trees on the side of the road by a town. 
A stop light behind a sign post with yellow signs on it
A red light is situated near a statue, a tree, and a clock tower.
This photo is at the stop light showing a row of cars in front.
Orange fire hydrant on red bricked sidewalk next to road.
A pedestrian walks down a city street at night full of lit up signs.
Stop lights hanging on lines during a purple sky night.
a fast commuter train sits parked next to a train depot 
A couple of people standing on the side of the street.
Two bicyclists riding in front of a group of businessmen dressed in suits.
two stop lights at an intersection some of the road is made with brick
A clock tower at night next to a road 
A bunch of cars that are in the street.
An older model car parked on the street next to a parking meter.
A train is shown riding along the tracks.
A delivery truck is riding on a non busy street
Am an sitting in the gutter in the middle of a downpour.
Long lines connected together by two rings in the sky.
A street corner has a stoplight and detour sign.
In a big city a person is trying to ski on the road but a snow plow is headed towards him/her.
A stop sign is partially covered on this snowy day.
Man sitting on a large ambulance motorcycle on the street.
a pole with a street light and street sign pointing towards a church
Person crossing street outside in winter with stoplight.
A couple of trains traveling along train tracks.
New York City Time Square Center with traffic stopped as pedestrians walk by.
A row of bikes parked next to a fence.
A man riding a bike on a busy roadway with a dog standing on the back.
a car parked by a building with blue window and door frames
A flock of birds on top of a traffic light.
A traffic light has a green person on it indicating to walk.
A train on train tracks above the street while it is snowing.
A woman standing in front of a white truck towing an ambulance.
Several signs on display outside of shops and by the street.
a close up of a street sign with a traffic light underneath
There are many cars driving along the road at night.
A train station with a train on the tracks.
A double decker bus driving throughout the city at night. 
Three stop lights and a woman walking across a street.
An intersection at night showing a red light.
Two women are standing by a large advertisement.
Couple guys on motorcycles wait at the crosswalk for the green light
two green and white street signs a traffic light
An overhead stoplight has two red lights in the dark.
All of the lights on the street have turned green.
A city street that has parked cars on the side of the street and other cars at a traffic light in front of various stores.
there are many cars parked along the street on both sides
People play tennis in the street while crowds watch.
A green traffic sitting at the end of a road next to a red light.
A town with vehicles in the middle of the road and people on motorcycles. 
A street sign that shows two red men, not safe to walk.
Black and white photo of people walking down the street and people sitting at tables under the trees.
Grey clouds above a town filled with cars and a gas station. 
A view of a street in which you can see some billboards.
a street with parked vehicles and buildings in the night hours
A train on the railroad tracks with train signs on the side. 
Curbside parking for motorcycles on one way street.
People are standing near a building with a big umbrella.
A traffic light suspended over a street filled with traffic.
a woman rides on a bike down a street 
A train next to a concrete platform with a fence separating the two tracks.
A street with various cars next to barriers and traffic lights.
A street sign and a don't walk sign on a dark night.
A view of a bunch of motorized bikes in the street.
there is a very tall tower with a clock on it on this street
Man on bicycle crossing intersection with dog on leash.
Protesters holding a sign that quotes the bible.
A green and white sign that reads "steel bridge rose quarter."
A black and white picture of an urban scene with a railroad crossing in the foreground, only things traffic related are in color. 
A city traffic light near a big building.
A somewhat blurry image of two traffic lights. 
A number of vehicles in a busy road with traffic lights in a city
a red light sits on top of a brick building 
a woman riding a bike down a small lane 
Deserted street at night with the street lights glowing.
A woman on a cell phone on the side of the street.
A picture of an old business in the middle of an intersection. 
A white truck driving down a road past a traffic light.
Train tracks running under a traffic signal beside some buildings.
A "Horizon" sign on a streetlight during an overcast day.
A man has stopped and left his car facing away from an intersection to stand on some dry grass on a street isle, in order to face the same direction as his car and take a picture.   
A gas station that is called speedy's as seen from across the street.
A street scene at an intersection with snow everywhere.
A street with traffic lights, street signs and advertisements on it. 
The one horse is pulling the carriage threw the city streets. 
A lamppost with several signs stands at one side of a crosswalk with pedestrians and a pair of tall buildings. 
A man in zombie makeup in the day light. 
a car speeding down a street late at night
A man helps a woman on a skateboard cross the street.
A picture of a busy city street with a semi and postal truck in it.
A great picture of some street lights placed on top of a table. 
there are traffic and people in the city.

A red siren lamp perched on a wooden street post.
A private jet on a runway with a clear sky in the background.
a train on a track near a platform
The view of a large urban area under a cloudy sky.
A picture of several people crossing a road while its snowing. 
An older man and women standing in front of some parked cars while the man holds a cell phone to his ear.
a street post with a traffice light stop sign and street signs
A city street showing signs for the bridges
Cars stopped at a red light with a lit up billboard in front of them. 
Two buses traveling down the road next to a field of grass.
These skateboarders need to be careful with all of the street traffic.
A couple of large trucks on a city street.
A city street with a bicycle rider passing by.
A four way stop sign written in two languages.
A city at night with a traffic filled street surrounded by tall buildings.
a sign is hanging up on a green pole
A memorial is displayed, surrounded by tiny USA flags.
The hanging traffic light shows green on one side and red on the other.
A large clock tower looms above a city street.
A traffic light suspended over a road next to trees.
A signal point on a road with very light traffic.
a white and blue double decker bus and a red building
Cars wait at a city intersection for the light to turn green.
A passenger bus is at a traffic circle with buildings behind it and a traffic light in front.
A street with a bus going down it and a mail truck
A train traveling through a train yard next to a signal.
a tower with a clock on it in front of a street light
A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A line of police on foot and on horseback.
Train with oil tank cars on the train tracks
a person in an orange vest walking across a paved street.
A city street is busy with traffic during the day.
a woman sitting on a bench while she talks on the phone 
People holding umbrellas and standing in line beside a fence.
A skateboarder is jumping over a hole in the ground.
A traffic light and several street signs in an intersection.
a number of people walking across a street
A man wearing a safety orange vest standing by a train.
a street pole with signs and lights on it
A snowboarder rides down a pipe while a crowd watches.
A red train traveling past a building with a train signal.
A red and black train at a train station
The police car is parked next to the curb.
A car parked near the curb while a woman walking in the rain with her umbrella. 
Boat that just crossed under a bridge on the waterway of a city.
A couple of people waiting near an electric train.
There are some people holding stuffed animals by a model train
People walk near a street in the rain.
a man skating on a big step along the road
A large building that sells different types of spices. 
The man is standing in the road waiting to cross. 
A bench on a pavement with cars parked on the road
Two signs one with the speed limit and one telling what freeway is which way.
A train is moving down the rails on a nice day.
A red and yellow double decker bus driving on the street.
A view of a child playing with birds in the middle of a stone park.
A man in yellow vest on street next to traffic light.
Many cars in a busy street, with many people walking alongside.
a stop light that has the red light lit
A red SUV is being towed by a flatbed truck.
Cars and trucks on a city street at night.
a bunch of signs about driving down into a tunnel
Vehicle traffic beside a colorful clock tower with a gold dome.
A woman stand near a group of people, and everyone is on bikes.
a foggy day that has some lights by a road
A cute dog is enjoying the fresh air while vehicles drive on. 
A baseball pitcher throwing the ball to a batter.
A group of three buses driving down a street.
A crowd of people stand in line to vote.
Two men playing catch with a baseball on the street.
A street with parked cars next to a sidewalk with people walking.
A crowd of people are walking near a large stadium building.
A large bus on a open city street.
A crowd of people on the road close to the traffic lights
A woman pushing a wheeled cart across the street.
A group of bicyclists ride along a busy street.
A man driving his Harley on a street with a large teddy bear on the back
A group of people walking across a street.
A large white bus parked in front of a few large buildings. 
a person riding a motorcycle with a dog
A girl holding an umbrella, reading the paper, and listening to headphones on a street corner.
The motorcyclist travels quickly in the busy traffic. 
three drawn cows on the street by their size
a street post with a sign attached saying bus route in front of a building
A street with a crosswalk and three green traffic lights. 
A white utility truck extended next to a tree.
A busy city intersection filled with people walking 
A collage of winter forest photos is shown.
A stop light in front of a building.
A man walks along a sidewalk adjacent to parked cars. 
a traffic ight is packed with rain 
it is extremely foggy and theres a truck on the road
A clock tower near a road with cars around it
A street  sign on a busy sidewalk corner
A large blue bus and bike on a street.
Two men in cowboy hats riding horses on the street
there seems to be no train coming to the station
A flock of birds perches on a street light and power lines in between tall buildings.
A street in a city with pedestrians walking down the sidewalk and cars on the street.
a close up of a stop sign and a traffic light
Teens playing game wit rackets in urban street setting.
a carriage driver holding her horse still 
A train is gliding through the city on the train tracks.
Three street lights turn red at the same time.
A traffic light over a street with all red lights.
A group of people are handling a massive inflated snowman in a parade. 
Driver's eye view of a stop sign in the mirror of a motorcycle.
A stop sign on the side of the road and a railroad sign
A red bus is driving in the city near a building being built.
A red bus sits at a stoplight on a very decorated street.
A woman with an umbrella walking down a street on a rainy night
Group of policeman on horse down sidewalk in street
A red stop light on a street at night.
A man in a business suit standing on a curb.
A trolley sits at a trolley stop next to a bus. 
a blue street sign hanging from a street light pole
Green fire hydrant sitting on grass on a city street. 
Several cars in two lanes with their brake lights on. 
Several cars and buses driving on a road.
A street scene with people and cars on the street.
Skaters are skateboarding at the park while a crowd watches. 
A tall palm tree growing on a city street
An outdoor street in the midst of a storm. 
Black and white photograph looking past traffic lights at an old building 
A streetlight on a street in a foreign country 
a couple of vehicles on a busy city street
A man in a yellow jacket that says police is looking across the street at a crowd of people and has his hand on a wooden structure.
A traffic light and a sign for the entrance of highway 527 South.
workers walking along a few trains parked on the tracks
A large pole with lights lit up on it at the top and a building and the sky in the background. 
A close up of a coffee sign under a stop light.
A person crossing a wet street with a pretty umbrella.
There are plenty of taxis waiting in the street to pick up a fare. 
A sculpture in the center of a square outside a building.
 Roadsigns showing stop lights, right and left turns and warning cyclists to dismount.
an old building under gray skies at the corner of an intersection
British flags fly overhead as double-decker buses and taxis move along below. 
A close up of a street pole with street sign names.
A city road is congested in the rain.
A bunch of street vendors along a city street at night.
Several traffic lights all sitting beside each other.
A double decker bus is riding along a busy street.
limo driver in a black suit standing outside of a limo
The truck is going down the road in the city. 
A stop light hanging over an intersection in a residential area.
A street sign warns of holes in the road.
CHILDREN WITH YELLOW SHIRTS ARE RUNNING AND  PLAYING BASEBALL.

People are crossing in the crosswalk on a city street.
A busy city street with cars, a bus, and pedestrians.
a street light sitting in front of a sign
View of street signs and an illuminated cross walk sign.
A couple of traffic lights on a metal pole.
A group of various signs on a pole
A dalmatian dog driving a bus down the street.
A city street is brightly lit with advertisements.
A traffic light suspended over a street under a cloudy sky.
A streetlight hanging from a pole over a street.
A utility truck parked on a incline covered in graffiti.
A red minivan turns left after a light turns red.
A street corner with a yellow fire hydrant and an electrical box.
Two people are sharing a motorcycle, driving with an umbrella in the rain.
A very dark street with cars and many wires above.
an image of a train that is moving down the track
back side of temporary road sign near intersection
Person holding little white dog waiting for walk signal to cross street.
A quiet city street with overhead traffic lights.
a yellow and black truck is carrying some machinery
The train is stopping on the railroad tracks.
Multiple cars and a motorcycle are stopped at a stoplight.
A view of the city from a intersection that has traffice stopped.
A couple of people on a motor bike on a sidewalk.
A man protests on the street with a sign on a white board
Outside the Westmark Inn in the parking lot
A person with some bikes on a street.
A man in grey blazer on bicycle next to a traffic light.
a street sign on a dirt road with a sky background
a city street and sidewalk with a black car driving by some pedestrians
Picture of traffic light with light lit and sign underneath
a yellow white red and black train some tracks and trees
A street scene with focus on a city bus on the road.
Cars traveling down a mostly empty street stopped at a red light.
A street sign on a pole on a street.
A train is chugging along the tracks on an overcast day.
Large, tall buildings sit on streets as cars fly by.
A group of bicycles parked next to each other on a city sidewalk next to a traffic signal.
A street scene of an intersection with stop lights.
A person is riding a low bicycle down the street.
A   young man walking down the street with his suitcase.
A group of jockeys on horses with a man next to them.
A very crowded street sign pointing to attractions in multiple directions
Several people crossing a wet street holding umbrellas 
a bunch of buildings that have signs on the outsid
A street scene with a woman holding a pink umbrella.
A tow truck hauls a jeep along a busy street.
car lights streaking through the green light at night
Men riding bikes through an intersection on a city street. 
Night time scene of city street intersection with vehicular traffic.
A large green hotel sign on the corner
A person holding up their pastry for the camera.
A bus drives down the street in a city. 
A man in a yellow jacket is shopping along a busy street in an Asian neighborhood. 
Several mounted police on horses on a busy street.
There are cars crossing the empty intersection 
A city street view of a big brick building.
A city street filled with traffic and traffic signals.
there are many traffic lights on top of this pole
A group of people riding bikes on a city street
Group of protestors on city street petitioning against something.
A stop sign is covered with various stickers.
Thee people stand in a lot while one holds an umbrella.
A bus traveling down the street, in a city. There is luggage on top of the bus.
A man wearing a big hat making a funny face.
many street signs on a street pole with trees in the background
A group of people stand in a dimly lit area between roads.
An all-way stop sign next to a red light
Motorcycles drive down a city street with businesses in the background.
A red motorcycle parked on the side of a road.
a red and yellow train is going past some red lights/train signals
Several signs are next to each other including a traffic light.
some guys riding some bikes down the road 
A road under construction in the countryside. 
Traffic stop light with colorful trees sitting in the background. 
A double file procession of motorcycles through a city.
Some red lights hanging at a quiet intersection
A yellow double decker bus on a city street.
A construction area with a road sign for the near street.
The man kneeling on the sidewalk is near a yellow structure.
A large yellow traffic light sitting below a tall building.
an image of a busy street scene with traffic
A very big green city road sign on a busy street.
A group of cars in gridlock at an intersection
There are three people walking across the street.
A bus is riding down a damp street during the day.
A very close up view of a traffic signal with blue sky behind it.
A man passing behind an officer on a horse on his bike.
a man is standing on a board on the water
A red traffic sign with a metal pole attached to it.
Sunset at the end of a city street on which there is a fire hydrant
Three young boys crossing a street at the same time as a man on a bike.
A black and white photo of a street intersection with cars and people.
a clock attached to a building hanging above a stop light
A boy rides a skateboard on the sidewalk.
A sign sitting on the side of a road at night.
An empty street has the lights reflecting off of it.
A bus is parked beside a street with several signs.
many vehicles on a city street near buildings
a large red bus driving down the street
A grey and red train next to a train station.
Traffic at an intersection below an overpass bridge.
The woman is walking down the street while on her cellphone. 
A large black and white statue of a cow.
The view down a busy city street taken from a car window.
A fire truck spraying water into a bunch of trees.
A full view of a train traveling on a railroad on a wonderful day. 
a person jumping over a curb at a corner in front of a liquor store
A woman holding a phone up to her hear.
A bus travels down a road past a building.
A truck with a yellow cab and brown trailer hauling dirt.
A road with several cars going in both directions as well as a stop light.
A bus driving down a street past traffic lights.
A green light at and intersection with traffic going by.
A nighttime view of an intersection with red lights.
A city street in the suburbs of a city 
A red and white bus driving down a street next to a building.
Two young women hold umbrellas while crossing the street.
A rural setting with a train traveling down the track.
two people riding horses on a city street 
An intersection with a One Way sign, traffic lights, a street sign and a large building
The crossing guard is holding up a stop sign.
A traffic intersection shows traffic lights and street signs.
a close up of a traffic light on a city street
A crowd of people are gathered in Washington, D.C. 
A car sitting at an intersection with both red and green lights on 
A man is using a phone booth on a city street.
an upside down green and white street sign
Black and white photograph of a person holding a large sheath of flowers
Two men on bicycles on the street at night.
A trolley car on street next to cars and orange cones.
A car driving down a open city street.
Looking along the curb outside a library at parking spaces and a bus stop
Black and white photograph of people on a sidewalk.
A traffic light sitting on the side of a street.
A man sitting at a crosswalk on a motorcycle
Two men exchanging papers on a sidewalk stationed red vinyl sculpture.
A busy street with traffic signs and traffic lights.
A building hiding beyond a stop sign and street sign.
Two trains traveling paralell to one another on train tracks.
A street sign at the crosswalk of a road.
Lots of people and cars in the middle of a bustling city.
A woman is shopping down an empty street. 
A boy riding a skateboard down a street as others follow.
A city street filled with fire fighters putting out a  fire.
A truck that has driven off the road on a foggy day.
Double Decker buses parked at curb in urban area.
A train is stopped next to a station platform.
A tall clock tower in the middle of a town. 
A truck parked on the side of a road next to a tall building.
it is raining and everyone has a umbrella
A busy city street filled with pedestrians and traffic at dusk.
The street view of a busy intersection from standing on the corner.
A horse standing on a open city street.
A street scene with cars and a traffic light.
red stop light for bicycles lit up in an intersection
A town street corner near a grocery store.
Two taxis at a stop light in what looks like a big city.
a city scene of many cars and a motorcycle driving in a city
A building at corner of street with clock tower.
A protest on the sidewalk with a banner saying "TAKEOVR."
The dog rides with his head out the car window.
A very long train on tracks near a platform.
A group of people skateboarding and rollerblading in a street.
A street signal informs pedestrians not to walk.
many people on a busy rainy street with their umbrellas
A city with people walking and buildings in the background.
A street sign monstrosity siting in a creepy alley.
Cars sit in heavy traffic on a gray day.
A lady in an orange vest holding a stop ahead sign.
A couple of people at a street corner next to a dog.
A clock tower sitting in the middle of a parking lot.
a number of cars on a city street with traffic lights 
A group of people walking on rainy street next to stairs.
some cars a freeway and some green and white signs
A man is holding on to his bicycle working on something.
A van at an intersection with a building behind it.
A LOT OF CITY COP BIKES ARE LINED UP 
a yellow street sign stating when you can turn on a street
A group of women holding umbrellas cross an urban street in an old photo.
Train station workers are conversing next to a train.
A garbage truck travels under a stop light.
An interesting traffic light with a round mirror.
There is a festival of some kind going on with tents and balloons
A knocked over stop sign near a asphalt road.
People are walking around in a subway station.
a car over turned on a city street
A two toned blue train is going along the tracks.
A stoplight at an intersection in a city. 
A city street lined with buildings and signs.
There are several signal lights lined up behind the barricade.
Buses lined up on the side of the street.
A car is driving through an intersection while cars are waiting.
A grey metro style train near a train station.
Group of people crossing a busy city street in the rain. 
a traffic light with two signs on a clear day
A view of a wide city street includes pedestrians, cars, and a streetcar.
Several people on motorcycles leading a long parade.
A group of people walking down a street on a sidewalk.
A set of streetlights hanging on Columbus Avenue. 
A large group of motorcycles driving thru a city.
A large yellow traffic sign with a little black drawing of a man crossing a street.
A street light with signs posted to it.
a yellow red and silver train on its track and some wires
A clock lit up at night time on a building corner.
An intersection displaying a red light and don't walk sign
The traffic lights are clearly displayed for us to see. 
A young girl outside holding a blue frisbee.
A truck is unloading goods on a street corner
The emergency vehicles are at the scene of the accident.
A stop sign and a sign that says Tampa Av has a palm tree against a blue sky.
A city street has a orange double deck bus on it and signs with Asians writing.
A person is walking by someone sitting in a tunnel.
An orange and black street sign on a sidewalk.
A traffic light sitting below a street light.
A city bus driving through the city with passengers.
a man standing at the corner of a side walk talking on the phone 
A yellow train on the train tracks at a red light.
The image of a bus in its side mirror
Two pictures of a stoplight, one is green and one is red.
This is a view of a large city at night.
Big yellow bus in highway traffic facing into the camera
A big long metal fence near some buildings.
A red bus transports passengers as it drives down the road.
Traffic intersection at night with a foreclosure sign near a hydrant on the side of the road.
Many busses and cars sit parked at a stop light
A train engine carrying many carts down a track.
Three double decker busses sit on the side of the road. 
A median strip in the middle of a city street.
a tourist bus parked on the side of a road under a pole 
Several cars and a motorcycle are on a snow covered city street.
A picture of the rear of cars at a traffic light.
Traffic passing underneath an overpass at a crosswalk.
Man with a bicycle helmet on holding a kite.
A plane sitting behind a fence on private property.
A utility truck with a boom is sitting in the middle of an intersection.
a street light saying it is not okay to cross the street
A street sign posted on a pole with a blank electric signal.
A student walks in the rain with a green umbrella.
A passenger train arrives at a station platform. 
The street light is green under the bridge. 
An intersection shows a building on one side and two doubledecker buses and a third vehicle, pulling up to a crosswalk, before a side road.    
An intersection with two houses and street lights. 
The bicyclist is doing a trick on his black bike.
An Asian city with people wearing ventilation masks.
Red busses are parked behind a tall white fence.
A couple of people sitting on motorcycles at a traffic stop.
A large elephant structure makes its way through a crowded street. 
Traffic lights stand at an intersection of route forty.
City building view with a major highway and the tunnels underneath.
Traffic on a six-lane divided highway during the day.
A clock on the side of the street with a street map. 
A traffic light with a no turn sign on it.
Chevrolet truck taillights and headlights from oncoming traffic. 
Several traffic lights hanging over a city street.
A cobble stone street features a street car.
The skateboarder rides alone down the crowded sidewalk.
A traffic light that is green with a go sign.
The traffic light is visible for all of us to see.
A group of men standing on a street corner.
Cars moving down street with bus moving past on one side
a double deckered bus on a city street
A semi pulling an empty load through a street
A street is lined with tall buildings on both sides. 
Older red Chevrolet pick up truck sitting in a parking lot.
A flatbed truck with a red sports car on the back driving on a street.
Cars and pedestrians on a city street next to an apartment building.
A crew of workers putting up a street light.
The  colorful lights are illuminating the darkened street.
this is a sign at a gas station
Looking up at stop and left turn on red only signs.
some traffic lights a building and a statue
A horse is traveling through town passing stoplights.
A road that has traffic lights and street lamps on it.
The red and orange train is pulling up to the platform.
Street sign lit up in the middle of the night in a city. 
A group of cars waiting at a stoplight.
A young man is skateboarding in the middle of the street with cars passing in both directions. 
Looking across a rainy, busy street at the hills behind it
There is a lot of cars going down this street
Several fire fighters standing next to a car that a bus crashed into.
a large tower that has a big clock at top
A clock tower on a lightly cloudy day.
A green train traveling along train tracks near a train station.
Heavy traffic going and coming on a busy highway.
two people riding motorcycles on a city street
some cars buildings lights signs and people on a street 
Tokyo metal street signs next to a building.
A family crosses the intersection in the crosswalk.
A traffic light hanging over a street surrounded by forest.
A night view of street lights and lamps.
Two big bright colored trains near the platform.
Several buses parked in the street as a man stands by one.
Young men skateboarding in a makeshift skate park on a city street
a street with lots of people walking along it under tall buildings.
A large white bus drives on a narrow street.
Cars are parked along a road and taxis are driving on the road.
A man holding a sign with an arrow and McDonald's symbol on it. 
Cars are driving through a tunnel on a highway.
a car is parked next to a curb with its brake lights on
a pole with a bicycle sign outside an apartment building
A pair of dogs standing on the back of a pickup truck.
a street that has a bunch of cars going down it.
Amen on his cell phone walking in the square of your city
A city street with people, a bus, street cars and vehicles.
A busy city street corner with people near shops.
A sign that is in the middle of the street.
a sub way train resting on the tracks with a clock hanging from teh roof
A person dressed like a nun riding a skateboard
A traffic light in the middle of the country side.
A couple of traffic lights hanging over the top of a street.
The streets are empty at night, lit only by street lamps.
A car moving fast on the intersection at night.  
an image of a police officer on his motorcycle
A stop signs sits against a blue cloudy sky.
A big white building on the side of the street.
A red sign in front of two tall buildings.
A tow truck at a traffic stop with vehicles behind it.
A crosswalk area with a woman in black walking across.
Two buses with a car in the middle on a road.
A blue train traveling past a set of traffic lights.
An empty town street is lit at night by streetlights.
Hanging traffic lights with an extra light for a turn lane
A train on a railroad track with buildings along the side.
A woman in red tights is in the middle of the street.
A picture of a car waiting at a intersection.
a cop car that is parked next to a train
a number of people riding bikes on a city street 
a subway train is either leaving or pulling into the station
City bus going through a busy city intersection.
A few construction workers standing on the road.
a round window overlooking a parking lot filled with cars
High speed train stopped at a station underground.
Several people, some on bikes, some on foot, crossing a street at a crosswalk. 
A street sign on a post with the crosswalk signal covered up.
A skateboarder carefully crossing a busy city street.
A pair of men talking on side of street 
Picketer on city street trying to praise her religion
A police car and traffic lights on a city street
people  walking on sidewalks on a busy city street,
A man is standing with a sign in roller skates
Man with glasses eating a pastry in the city.
Stop lights hanging by an old building 
A stop light with a church in the background at night.
The empty intersection of two roads with multiple traffic lights
A stylized photo of vehicles traveling on a street.
A flatbed towtruck with a police motorcycle  strapped to it.
Mandeville thumbs-up sign at a street sitting in the city
A large truck stopped at a traffic light on a crowded busy street.
A few police officers in the street standing in front of a bus.
A rooftop view of a train depot and a new building being built across the tracks from it.
A hole dug around a fire hydrant in a construction area
Three people standing in a parking lot outside of a donut shop that has a large donut on the top of the building.
A young man reaches up to grab a Frisbee in the park
two people on a city street holding umbrellas
a small passenger bus going down the road next to some buildings 
A black and white train passing near a red and white gate. 
A man wearing a yellow vest directs traffic at a busy intersecion
Traffic signs on a street corner with one sign hanging down.
A car stopped at a red light with other cars passing through an intersection.
A bunch of wooden street signs at an intersection
A man staring back at the camera man is sitting in the passengers seat.
A traffic light is at an intersection of a neighborhood.
A woman and man crossing paths at a traffic light crossing.
A train drives past a station during the day.
A picture of a streetlight and they Street.
A road with a traffic light next to a bush and a house.
A clock tower in the background of a city street.
Cars are stopped at a stop light near a gas station. 
A traffic signal and a "one way" street sign on a city street.
Altered photograph showing the trajectory of a skier over a ramp
A yellow double-decker bus next to a traffic light.
A large herd of sheep standing in the grass near a road.
A couple of double decker buses passing by a lit rotunda.
A street scene at night of a police car behind another.
Several cars driving down the road in the snow.
A street sign under a traffic sign in an intersection. 
a picture that's been sped up to show streaks of headlights and taillights 
Young women having fun with street signal at roadway intersection.
A person walking across a crosswalk at dusk.
Big Ben and the Houses of Parliment behind a double decker bus.
The large structure has clocks on each side of it.
A car at an intersection with traffic lights blowing in the wind.
Police officers on horseback at a city intersection.
A person dressed in a pink teddy bear costume standing on a street corner with a group of people waiting to cross the street.
two people walking on a city street wit ha cell phone
Interesting skyscraper architecture beyond a pedestrian red light
A statue of a man riding a horse sits atop the sculpture in the square.
A street scene with focus on a building in the background.
many bikes parked on a fence near the street
A street sign on a stop light reads "King St".
a street some light poles a blue bridge and a gray white and orange pole
A group of horses being ridden down the street
the train is riding on the train tracks 
A photo of a busy street with the blur of a car in front of a woman.
a bus sitting outside a building looking old
The three woman are walking in the rain sharing a umbrella. 
A bus drives down a road in a city. 
A traffic signal that is red and has a no walk sign.
A group of people on motorcycles at an intersection.
A car sits in traffic near a traffic light, underneath a cloudy sky.
There is no image on this page to describe.
A man on a skateboard on a busy street.
A stop sign under a street lamp is shining at night.
Two women riding on the back of somebody else motorcycles
A green fire hydrant on a sidewalk next to a street.
A grey city bus at a stop light.
Traffic lights blur on a city street in the setting sun.
A bicyclist crossing the street as a car waits to turn.
Cars are driving down a street next to each other.
A large group of signs in an urban setting.
A clock tower on a historic building next to several stone buildings.
A shirtless man talking on the phone standing in the grass
a cow walks down a train track next to a wooden floor
A large crowd of people is standing by the street.
A red and white sign on top of a yellow pole.
very many vehicles moving against each other on the road
This is an aerial view of West 34th Street.
A close up of a fire hydrant painter red, white and blue with stars.
A red traffic light and Walk signal at an intersection.
a street a fence people cars and traffic lights
a train on a train track near a train sation
A street Is blocked off with hazard tape and a sign.
A group of people at a train station next to a red and black train.
A railroad train that has advertising on it
Bright lights flare over an empty city street.
a big truck parked on the side of the road
A stoplight on green and scene of city sky.
Two traffic lights signal red on the same pole. 
a person crossing a street holding a black umbrella
A large semi truck training vehicle at a traffic light.
A truck is going around the curve of the road
Long white passenger bus passing by a yellow taxi. 
The signal for pedestrians to walk is displayed on street corner. 
Several police officers riding horses down the street.
A classic motorcycle in a parking space along the street.
A bunch of horses pulling a carriage filled with people.
some cars driving by the side of the road
The antique cars are traveling down main street.
The sun sets beyond an intersection with a stop light.
A blue and orange  passenger train is leaving the platform.
A couple of people riding bikes down a street.
A green light signals that it is time for traffic to go.
A car wash sign featuring a big purple elephant.
A bunch of cycling people riding bikes on a street.
there is a large silver train stopped at the tracks
A road in front of a shop-front with car traffic on it. 
Two large dogs looking over the back of a pick up truck.
People rides bicycles as a bus driver stands in front of the bus
A traffic light with a street and cars in background.
A young man is pointing to a street sign that reads "Homer".
A high speed passenger train at a train station.
Several cars driving down the street under traffic lights.
a guy sitting in traffic on a bike
The street is crowded under a busy street.
a traffic light that is red, waiting to change colors.
A red motorcylcle parked outside a building on the sidewalk.
A park bench and several chairs overlaid with a reflection of a building and a tree.
A Utility Pole Worker standing inside of the boom of a bucket truck.
A right lane must turn right sign in front of a yellow building.
there is a traffic light with a smiley face on the street
A black and white photo of the moon in the sky.
a line of signs hanging off of some buildings 
A man on a skateboard going down the street.
Street light on Granville street showing a red light.
Modern railroad tracks appear to be empty, aside from empty cars on the side.
A person crossing a street by a large bus.
A train, several train tracks and a red light.
A street sign slightly bent toward the right.
A person in a helmet is skateboarding and holding some purchases in a plastic bag.
A man with his head sticking though the back of a metal television.
A street scene with a motorcycle cop and a girl on horseback.
First person view of a car from the passenger side looking out at the road.
A man doing work on a traffic light
an empty street lite up by a street light 
The street is barred for a train to pass.
A blurry image of a bus and car on a highway.
A traffic light and street sign in a large city.
A double decker bus driving down the street.
A group of people walk along the sidewalk.
A street sign decorated with stickers beside a building. 
A double decker bus is driving down a street.
A red traffic light on a street at dusk.
A group of people on street in snow next to cars.
A street pole that has traffic lights and street signs on it, with a large building in the background that has an American flag flying from it.
a yellow traffic light a one way sign and some clouds
A man with a walking stick crosses a city street.
A train is making its way around a snow dusted corner track.
A city street with cars driving at night
Multiple people talking on their cell phones while walking down a very busy street
A gated entrance with a fence and street signs. 
A truck that is driving down the street. 
A person riding a bike down a street next to a palm tree.
A horse drawn coach is being occupied by royalty costumed men.
A long train traveling under a bridge on top of rail road tracks.
A store front next to a traffic signal on a busy street.
A man with glasses that has a headset in his ear.
A double decked bus on a city street. 
A truck sitting on the side of a street.
a red double decker bus on the road near an intersecton
A snow street with a stop light and a house in the background.
Cars at a stoplight with storm clouds gathering in the sky.
A man that is hanging onto a bunch of stoplights.
a small bus makes its way down a clean street
Cyclist and car proceeding through intersection on roadway.
The glow from the lights are super blurry.
We see two men in character costumes on the sidewalk.
a person sitting at a small table with a laptop
a lot of people walking either carrying suitcases or pulling them
A couple of people that are standing in the street by a bike.
The ice cream man has parked his truck.
A city street with some cars and pedestrians at night.
A large long train on a steel track.
an orange train driving on a train track
A couple of people riding bikes across a cross walk with traffic stopped.
A picture of cars driving through a street light. 
A street that has a lot of traffic on it.
A cyclist rides beside a bus on a busy street.
A person riding a bike down a street next to a cart filled with bananas.
A man hanging off the side of a traffic signal.
A view of a street light, street signs and a traffic light in the rain. 
A truck passing through the intersection while the other cars wait at the red light.
A number of barriers and cars on a road with traffic lights
A person holding a shopping bag is waiting for a bus.
there is one pole with many traffic lights on it
A woman standing at a street corner as a man approaches her fom across the way.
Group of people walking a busy street with a clock on a building above.
A blurry photo taken at night of some street lights.
A very long busy city street with some cars.
Traffic lights next to some building in a city street
directional signs on a post on a road in Croatia
A horse pulls a cart through the street at night.  
A cop leads the way for other people on motorcycles.
a man with a backpack talking to several people
The front end of a car and a motorcycle from the view of another car.
Empty fog covered streets in the night amongst traffic lights.
Vehicles traveling on a wet highway road after dark
a couple of old buildings on a corner from a old road.
Skateboarders stand on a walkway by a busy city street.
a street light sits above a city street 
an extreme close up of a green street light
A line of double decker buses parked along a roadway.
a snowy road with a traffic sign covered in snow
Rock band stickers almost cover a crosswalk sign and signal.
A very pretty colored yogurt truck by the curb.
A bunch of people riding some motorcycles in the street.
The traffic lights are clearly visible for all of us to see. 
Stop light with other street signs sitting beside it. 
Two people eating hotdogs while they stand in the street
A woman is crossing at a street crosswalk.
Vehicle traffic backed up in a major urban area.
A yellow stoplight with a smiley face drawn on the lens.
Two cars and a fire truck near water spewing up.
A view of a car that is driving on the road.
A green traffic light on a flooded street.
A lone car at a traffic light in the middle of the night.
A street sign with an a taped to the end of it
A sign is displayed on the side of the road.
an intersection at night with street lights and signs 
A busy road in London shows several red busses and smaller cars as pedestrians walk next to them. 
A street sign on a traffic light post next to a restaurant sign
A traffic signal with a happy face over the green light.
A street sign and a traffic light near some trees.
A street light and sign are shown above a road.
A very lit up city at night with tons of traffic. 
a pole that has a bunch of stoplights on it
The signs warn no left turns between 7AM to 7PM unless you are a bus.
A busy street with cars, signs and various people.
A woman on the phone near a bunch of people.
A couple of people that are on some motorcycles.
A very long silver train in front of a mountain.
A man in yellow and shorts is on the side of the road with an umbrella. 
Three stop lights and one way signs are in the intersection.
people in red coats marching in a parade with elephants while small boy looks on
A girl wearing a dress stands facing a wall that is near a staircase.
A group of cars stopped at a traffic light.
Confusing traffic lights and signs, at an intersection where it is forbidden to turn left, turn right, or make a U-turn.
City scene with multiple cars moving down a busy road. 
A red streetlight at a rainy city intersection
View down a street of skyscrapers with heavy vehicular and pedestrian traffic.
a street sign on a pole near a building
A multitude of people cross the street in front of streetcar.
A pair of goggles is left on the top of a traffic signal base.
A yellow fire hydrant on the side of a street
THE STREET LIGHT IS GREEN IN THE CITY 
A couple of people crossing a busy city intersection.
A TRAIN EMITTING SMOKE WHILE MOVING IN A FOREST-LIKE PLACE.
Many people are crossing a street in a busy city.
The electronic lights of a street are glowing very brightly.
A red stop sign mounted above a traffic light.
A yellow van driving down a street in the middle of traffic.
this van is being towed by a tow truck
some people sitting on horses next to a building 
a large truck on a city road with a building in the backgroound
A traffic light with a red heart in place of the red light.
A motorbike has multiple side view mirrors and a large man in the seat.
People are seen riding bicycles from a bus.
Traffic is stopped at the red light in the city. 
A view of a building from the other side of a street intersection.
A stop ight in a snowy street lights up
this is a street with red street lights
Two double decker buses are parked in front of a clock tower.
A crowd of people riding bikes down a street.
Street and crosswalk signs at the corner of Broadway and Spring St.
A sidewalk with many parking meters going all the way down the street.
Two benches near trees and a metal cover over that area. 
Traffic lights hang over cars parked on a street.
many cars on a city street with buildings near by 
There is a street signal sign in the middle of the dtreet
A car riding away from a set of traffic lights.
A traffic circle contains flowers, small trees and a clock.
A street sign is shown at an intersection.
The cluttered interior of a taxi with a view of the traffic out of the windshield.
a street sign above a highway with buildings in the background
A small truck sitting on a road near a gang of bikers.
A city street scene with traffic, buildings, and stop lights.
Traffic light hanging near power lines with trees in back. 
A train is in the distance traveling down the tracks. 
Lonely stretch of road with sun shining bright in sky
A traffic light and sign with a building in the background.
a road with some cars waiting for the street light to turn green 
There are many signal lights and pedestrian signal at this intersection.
A picture of the back side of a car on the street.
A gropu of people, including one with a walker, stand by a bus on a street.
The car looks like a blur as it speeds past.
A street train cart making a left turn as a woman waits.
People are traveling in the rain while waiting in traffic.
A night scene of a traffic light in front of a parking lot.
A black motorcycle is parked on a street corner.
A city street filled with lots of traffic at night.
Two people riding on the back of a red motorcycle in the city. 
A vintage Texaco sign marks the entrance way to an antique gas station memorabilia retailer.  
A narrow street has pedestrians with black umbrellas.
A spire with a clock on top of a building on a city street. 
A group of cars on street next to traffic lights.
A train entering a train station between two platforms.
A railroad locomotive traveling down the track at a crossing.
A city street with a fire truck, school bus and taxis.
a seagull looking through a window from an outside windowsill.
Street signal light near church at dusk near streetlight.
A black train going down the train track
Stop lights at an intersection where other cars are driving by.
The road in the city  is filled with cars. 
A large dark skyscraper stands beside a large cathedral.
a street corner with signs and power lines 
Many cars are parked along both sides of a narrow street.
A view of a beautiful sunset from the road. 
an image of signage in the air under the sky

Group of people standing outdoors serving themselves food. 
some cars and a bus going down a mostly empty road 
A person with an umbrella walking in the rain
A bus is going down a street by a stop light.
An abandoned street in front of a building.
People walking down a sidewalk in the rain.
Cars are parked in the lot of a gas station.
The people in the truck are riding in the parade.
THERE IS A VAN THAT IS DRIVING DOWN THE STREET 
A man bikes next to a green car.
A man walking on a city street holding an open umbrella on a rainy day 
People walking on the side walk of a busy street
The traffic light is next to the clock tower.
Man on bicycle pulling trailer with attached skis. 
A dark rainy evening with people walking outside.
A city street at night with traffic and people out walking 
a train on a track near many trees 
A crowded street filled with British traffic and buses.
a person riding a bike on a city street
two men and one woman are holding a large pair of scissors cutting a ribbon.
A double decker bus traveling down a road,
A traffic light suspended over a street next to a building.
A female cyclist on her bike stops at a busy intersection
a sign for Bras Basah Road next to a pedestrian stopwalk
A city bus enters traffic with other vehicles.
A pole holding a traffic sign and two traffic lights in front of a building. 
A traffic light and some vehicles on a street.
A street camera showing an empty street in the nighttime. 
An intersection of streets with cars and buildings in the background.
Vehicles traveling on a very busy street, in both directions.
A man riding a white motor scooter down a street.
A large tow truck navigates a turn in an urban area.
A subway station with a yellow train approaching.
A man in a sombrero talking on a cell phone.
Multiple cars and truck passing under traffic lights on a road.
A subway train is waiting at the station.
A street sign says Kearny while other signs display Asian characters in a city area.
A street light and one way sign point the way.
Paved highway with several cars moving past an exit
A city street filed with traffic and traffic lights.
A person walking across a rain soaked street holding an umbrella.
cars coming through an intersection where there are stop lights
a man riding a skateboard up into the air over steps.
A person traveling on a crosswalk on a bike.
A swirling statue stands next to a street intersection.
Commuters walk back and forth through the busy city streets. 
A traffic light hanging over a city street.
People walking on a city street with a restaurant on the corner. 
A foreign man looking with a frown on his face
A pair of stop lights hang from a wire.
A car is stopped at a red stop light.
A picturesque view of a small town during winter.
Many various sized bottles of apple cider are on the table.
a truck on a train track with an oncoming train
A toy troll with pink hair hanging from a stop light 
A woman riding a peculiar looking bike across a street. 
The railroad track runs by the edge of town.
Lit street sign on a snow covered sidewalk in the city. 
A sidewalk with a auto service building and a bridge in the background.
a road with building and a street sign next to it
A woman with a black umbrella is crossing a busy street.in the rain.
a white truck that is stopped at a red light
The traffic light is suspended from a telephone wire.
A man and woman are strolling down an urban street with what appears to be a newly-purchased snowboard.
A street sign directing traffic is next to a car dealership.
Large group of people walking across the street.
Several bikers are parked around a turn while a crane sits behind them.
A door next to a fire hydrant near a curb. 
Subway on the corner of the street. 
A big red two level city bus on a city street.
A man with a laptop in front of a desk with more computers
a street with cars lined with poles and wires.
A yellow tour bus that looks like a boat on wheels.
A tall brick clock tower with a clock on each of it's sides.
The bus in the parade looked like a boat.
A picture of street signs and lamp carve out the building across the streets structural details .
a plow truck in a city with stuff in the back
An overpass above a busy city street with road signs on it.
A road with stoplights all red at night.
There are people walking near a traffic light.
A van is parked on the street near a crooked fire hydrant.
A train passing on bridge over a busy city street.
A street sign is standing on the corner of the street.
Some people are having some lemons in the middle of a crowd. 
A small school buss at a traffic light during a blizzard.
Traffic lights in front of a hill with trees.
a close up of a street sign on a pole 
An empty street surrounded by trees and bridge in the distance.
The electronic sign flashes yellow for caution above a street sign.
Three people on bicycles greet each other near a traffic light in front of trees and a stone building.
Traffic going down a city street lined with skyscrapers.  
An urban landscape photo with the Washington monument in the background and a street signal in the foreground.
The mountains are visible beyond the signal lights.
There is a green traffic sign on the street
A truck of some sort moving along a road.
A red, white and blue passenger train sitting on the tracks.
Black and white train car pulling box cars on tracks. 
A London street is crowded with buses and people. 
Two horses attached to a horse drawn carriage.
A group of motorcycles by a street together.
On a snowy street a horse statue sits atop a large chair
City street crossing with everyone holding up umbrellas. 
Bus traveling in a busy city at night.
A billboard showing cooks in a restaurant kitchen.
A crane is outstretched in a city scene.
a traffic light overhead of a large city
Clouds are rolling over in the sky near a town. 
A man driving a bus down the road
two trains on a train track with buildings in the background
A truck drives down a busy street with pedestrians.
Traffic lights are hanging over a city street.
Here is an image of an outdoor place. 

A woman with a pointed hat riding a bicycle.
a train on a train track with buildings in the background
A train traveling through a rural countryside near a forest.
A bunch of cars that are in the street.
An SUV driving down a down town city street.
Green street lights over a road with a sunset background.
A left lane ending sign near a one way sign and street lamps.
Various traffic signs with night sky in the background.
A white pickup truck that's parked on the corner of an intersection. 
a stop sign next to a brick wall with buildings in the back
A traffic light has a green person on it.
A group of people gathered on a street, some with picket signs.
Cars and bus on road near gas station. 
A traffic light mounted on a pole by the street near tall buildings.
A young woman talking on her cell phone
A taxi is going through a green light behind an SUV.
The man is riding his bike in front of the bus.
A building has a connection with a street going under it.
A city street filled with cars and line with buildings.
A street sign tells pedestrians and bicyclists to stop.
An pedestrian walk way over a road in an urban setting.
Several cars parked on the side of a road near trees and traffic light.
a pole with a street light right by a red house 
a man riding on a skate board down the middle of the street
A large group of people on a corner waiting to cross the street.
A very large traffic jam in a suburban area. 
some white and green street signs and two one way signs
a walk/don't walk sign with the white walk symbol
A wet city street with some bus traffic and lights.
A young man standing on a sidewalk with a bus in the background.
Several people walking on a city sidewalk holding umbrellas.
The three girls are huddled under the umbrella.
a lot of street signs and traffic lights with a sky background
a bus in the middle of the street on a corner in a neighboorhood
A person is lying on the ground in a city.
The city street has a lot of traffic for this time of night. 
Signs on the corner of a city neighborhood.
A traffic light on a pole with a traffic sign on it. 
A man is a dark suit wearing sunglasses
A white truck parks in front of a church.
A woman riding on the back of a motorcycle being driven by a man.
A pair of street lights are hanging from a wire.
This is a picture of a car going by in a very busy city.
An intersection with cars driving down a street.
A stoplight hangs on a metal arm with lines visible behind it.
Bright yellow fire plug near a guardrail. 
A red and white fire hydrant sits next to a sidewalk on a residential street.
Police on horseback and bicycles holding a crowd back on a street.
People standing in front of grey blocked structure.
THERE IS A DECROCATION OF DIFFERENT LIGTHS IN THE CITY
Traffic lights signalling vehicles to go on an empty street
The traffic lite is green as a car approaches.
There is a silver train passing by on the railroad
A train traveling down tracks past a bridge and lots of trees.
Two street signs that are on a pole.
a green fire hydrant surrounded by three yellow poles
The skull bag shows displeasure for the parking meter.
There is a red fire hydrant on the side of road.
A blue fire hydrant in front of a wall partially painted blue next to a chain link fence.
A woman drinking from a red fire hydrant on the street
A few people on motorbikes riding along the street.
A close up of a black and white fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
A view of a fence that is by some grass.
A fire hydrant with a yellow construction helmet on top.
A red fire hydrant with a yellow cap.
A beautiful woman sitting on the ground leaning up against a silver fire hydrant.
A black motorcycle parked in front of a black truck
A man tweaking a fire hydrant to expel water
Four red markers in the ground near a wooden fence with Asian writing on them.
A firefighter removing the caps off of a fire hydrant. 
a stop sign with some arabic writing on the bottom of it 
A red fire hydrant with some chickens near it.
A colorful fire hydrant in a bed of leaves.
Water flows out of fire hydrant into street.
A yellow fire hydrant in front of an old building, possibly an old high school.
A white fire hydrant with a hose attached to it.
a person standing apart from a fire hydrant
A few women on a field playing soccer
Fire hydrant in the middle of an unmoved field, next to streets.
A bicycle is attached to the front of this bus.
A red fire hydrant all alone in a field.
A wooded area with a fire hydrant in the area. 
A van driving down a street through a neighborhood.
A fire hydrant spilling water into a street near a fire truck.
A woman poses next to an iron water hydrant. 
A TAXI IS PARKED ON THE STREET IN THE CITY 
A billboard for female impersonators on a  building
A guy posing in the grass with some surf boards.
Painted and rusty fire hydrant on the sidewalk outside of a hotel
A red open fire hydrant spewing water from it
Cars are parked on the side of a street with arrows painted on it.
A green fire hydrant sitting the middle of a field.
Two girls in a yard with one holding a glass and the other holding a baseball bat.
An Asian street scene with vehicles and people.
Two silver and blue fire hydrants side on either side of a road.
Two poles and a fire hydrant are painted just like the sidewalk, and wall.
A red and silver fire hydrant on sidewalk next to building.
A fire hydrant is shown along a street outside a fence.
A yellow fire hydrant is placed in the grass. 
Fire hydrant on a stone tiled sidewalk "wearing" a stocking hat.
Person in a hoodie is getting ready to a cross a street.
A cement wall with a gated door surrounded by rubble. 
a silver and red fire hydrant a red building and a window
A smiling young man stands beneath an Obama street sign.
A man with a backpack on a motorcycle.
an image of a fire hydrant that is on the street
The sidewalk by the fire hydrant is clean and quiet. 
Picture of a fire hydrant in front of a large group of trees. 
The clock is set against the greenery of the bushes.
A woman sitting in lush green grass next to a fire hydrant.
A bird standing in front of a fire hydrant. 
A red and blue fire hydrant sitting next to a wall.
A man in the city is by a fire hydrant.
The yellow fire hydrant is on the side of the road. 
A hanging traffic light that is currently red. 
A red fire hydrant next to some pretty red flowers.
A large passenger jet sitting on top of a runway.
a fire hydrant with a computer monitor broken on top of it
The umbrella is broken and its laying in the middle of the road. 
the man is looking across the street, while the yellow pipes run bellow him. 
A fire hydrant painted red and white, with grass in the background.
There is a red fire engine in front of a small weed and metal fence.
a zebra crossing on a very wide road
a fire hydrant with eyes painted on the side 
The railroad goes through town and passes a red building.
a pink and green fire hydrant in the grass
A fire hydrant on a sidewalk at the edge of a street.
A fire hydrant is shown near a pole.
A teenager playing in water spraying from a fire hydrant.
a train on a train track near buildings
A street sign at an intersection on a calm street.
A red fire hydrant is sitting by a street
a person walking across a city street with a taxi in the strret
A yellow fire hydrant next to a street.
A dirty large car on a city street.
The city bus is going down the very busy road. 
two red and blue fire hydrants sitting in the snow and grass 
Vehicles and pedestrians in busy urban city setting.
Serveral candies in muffin wrappers sitting on a sidewalk.
A group of children sitting next to a blue and white fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant and some cars on a road.
There is a fire hydrant in the middle of a sidewalk.
A close up of a bright red fire hydrant by a tree.
This yellow fire hydrant sits in a grass field
Dark fire hydrant with silver top near curb.
It is night and  a bus is parked outside of a building either letting people on or off.
The yellow and blue fire hydrant is near a bush.
a fire hydrant next to a mail bos
very nice flowers of different colors in avases
Three metal objects sitting outside store front property
A snow covered bicycle that is chained up to the pole.
A stop sign at an intersection with street name signs on top.
A fire hydrant is sitting next to what appears to be a flooded area. 
A red fire hydrant that is by some flowers.
A white fire hydrant posed by the side of a business building.
A dog puts its head out the window of a car. 
an orange an white fire hydrant is on a sidewalk
A woman sits on the curb with her hand behind her head.
A clock sticking out over a city street with banners over the street.
A fire hydrant spouting water in front of a Wendy's.
a silver and red fire hydrant and a white house
Cars are parked alongside the road and a man is standing next to a sign.
A fire hydrant with a building in the background.
A red and white fire hydrant was given eyes. 
a red fire hydrant is between a couple of poles
A lawn chair on a snowy sidewalk in the rain
A blue and green fire hydrant on the sidewalk
A trash can with a black microwave on top of it.
a red fire hydrant outside in a yard.
A fire hydrant sitting beside a clear lake.
A fire department is connecting the hose to the fire hydrant.
an image of a silver fire hydrant on the grass
A man is standing on top of a fire hydrant while a girl is standing next to a pole.
A fire hydrant in the middle of a dry field.
a street with a row of fire hydrants in front of a gas station
A small car is parked next to a fire hydrant in a city.
Person walking near park near fire hydrant and car. 
The man looks over the edge at the water.
There are several blue things on the deck beside the water.
A red and white fire hydrant near the street.
A man standing next to an iron fence partition.
A toilet that is laying down next to a pole.
A yellow car parked in a parking lot next to a fire hydrant.
Reflections of light streaming thru a building window at night.
There is a can specifically designated for cigarette butts.
A fire hydrant is at the top of a hill. 
A paved street intersection in a business district.
Four small dogs on leashes drink out of a bowl on the ground with a dog statue in front of them.
A fire hydrant is sitting on a sidewalk.
A statue of a cow standing on top of a pile of snow.
A house that is on the side of the road. 
No parking section of curb with yellow fire hydrant.
A crowded city filled with people and buildings.
A young child holding the hand of a taller person while carrying an umbrella
a clear road across the street from tall building and water 
A dog standing at a fire hydrant sniffing the ground 
a person with a cell phone leaning on a fire hydrant
A street scene with a person wearing a costume next to a horse.
A car parked outside of a small park.
a group of people huddle together on a sidewalk with a big truck in the street
A man working on the pavement in front of a famous building.
a red fire hydrant next to a hill of rocks
a street view of a sidewalk and fire hydrant
A park with trees, fire hydrant, and sign in it.
A man is putting change in to the parking meter
people walking around downtown new york, new york
A picture of a red fire hydrant in front of a tree.
a fire hydrant sitting undeneath trees covered with toilet paper
A red and yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A traffic signal laying in the grass with some yellow tape.
A row of old toilets sits outside on the sidewalk
Two schoolboys posing for photo in the 1970's
black and white image of a man walking next to a fire hydrant
Old time photo of Wayland Michigan taken in front of an IGA Stores.
a red fire hydrant a super market and doors to a market
An old rusty fire hydrant sitting in the grass near a picnic table.
A low to the ground stop sign on the corner of a suburban street
A yellow and red fire hydrant in a yard.
a yellow fire hydrgian that is on a sidwalk
A dog sitting next to a hydrant in the grass
A skateboard sitting amidst the snowbanks on a sidewalk.
A double decker bus driving past a tall building.
A green fire hydrant sitting next to a man hole.
A small compact car and a sports car traveling under a traffic light.
A red fire hydrant has a green bag on it.
A fire hydrant spraying water onto an empty street with a traffic cone on top.
Old cars are lined up on the street while three billboards take the lead.
A war sentiment spray painted on a fire hydrant.
Cars are traveling on a street with tall buildings in the background.
A red fire truck parked outside of a fire station next to a yellow fire hydrant.
A yellow fire hydrant in an open lot. 
a few red and black pipes under a neon painting
A large building with a fire hydrant by the street.
A fire hydrant near a sign that is covered with sticky snow.
A fire hydrant sits next to a city street.
a fire truck parked next to a red and yellow fire hydrant
A fire hydrant, street signs and lights on the side of the road. 
A man sits on top of a fire hydrant.
some words are written on a rusty fire hydrant

A fire hydrant sitting on a wooden walkway next to a  bulding.
A green fire hydrant pouring water from two of its spouts.
A fire hydrant in the grass near the street and a car.
These cars are parked near a fence and a stop sign.
Very old rusty fire hydrant with multiple layers and colors of paint.
There is a phone booth and a fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
A man sits on a bench reading a book 
A fire hydrant is rusty black and yellow on a street with people in the background.
Two men are standing by a silver and black hydrant.
A large clock tower at the end of a path near a river.
A fire hydrant on a sidewalk near a street.
Looking down a cluttered city street with lots of Asian signs.
A car driving down a street past a traffic light.
A man standing by a tree and a fire hydrant.
Fire hydrant in an empty, wide open public area.
A black motorcycle parked on a city street.
Doghouse and cat made from sand by a toy fire hydrant.
A toddler stands beside a fire hydrant on a suburban street.
a fire hydrant on the side of a sidewalk at night
A huge teddy bear laying on a cot getting taken care of.
a fire hydrant on a street covered in snow near some trees 
A fire hydrant is decorated to look like a dog.
A coffee shop and salon are on the street level of the brick building
Street signs that are showing the directions to a detour.
a black and white photo of a fire hydrant a curb and fence
a fire hydrant attached to part of a wooden fence 
Black fire hydrant in center of a park.
A woman on a motorcycle with her dog in glasses. 
a man is pointing at a green fire hydrant
A group of skateboarders riding down a city street 
A different color bus driving down the street 
some people on the street cars and buildings 
A side walk and street outside a shop with a glass window.
A man sitting on a horse while rubbing him and kids are rubbing him also.
Water spraying outside from a fire hydrant causing rainbow.
A fur hat sit on top of a fire hydrant.  
a long pole with a light on top net to a hydrant
A number of street signs on some poles
there is a fire hydrant that is painted green and yellow
a black and white photo of a fire hydrant on a city side walk
A red fire hydrant next to wall made of stone.
A fire hydrant in the middle of a grassy area
The old yellow fire hydrant is covered in rust. 
An open fire hydrant in an industrial city area squirts water
An old fashioned fire hydrant in a field.
A caution sign over a fire hydrant on a pavement.
a stop sign at dusk or dawn in a small town.
A city with buildings, clock and mountains in the background. 
a truck some palm trees buildings and traffic lights
A FIRE HYDRANT ON A GRAVEL GROUND WITH A FENCE BEHIND IT
A yellow fire hydrant is on the curb near a tree.
This is a fire hydrant that is outdoors near a building. 
A car driving on a street between a building and a sidewalk where people are walking and jogging.
The yellow fire hydrant is in tall grass near water.
A painted iron sculpture in a rock garden
a couple of vehicles are parked outside a building
A red fire hydrant is on the grass by a pole.
The older car is parked on the side of the road. 
A fire hydrant leaking onto a street causing it to flood.
A snow-covered street next to houses leads to the water.
A fire hydrant is standing on the side of a sandy road as a truck passes.
A large building with a clock on the top.
A fire hydrant stands surrounded by mulch with a white bench behind it.
A rusted yellow fire hydrant in the middle of the sidewalk
an empty street with some fire hyrandts sitting on the sidewalk 
There are people that are in motor bikes parked
Person in a green shirt on a skate board shown doing tricks.
A black and white photo shows a street view with old cars.
a close up of a fire hydrant on a city street
Fire hydrant on sidewalk and street just behind it.
Winter night scene with a tree and passing car.
A walking area with lamppost, trashcan and directory.
A man sitting on a park bench with blanket and bag beside him.
An intersection in a downtown area of the city
A red fire hydrant on a residential yard.
A large red truck passes by a FedEx truck on a busy street.
Black and white photograph of a fire hydrant and park bench.
a little yellow fire hydro n in a field
A bus and a truck side by side on a city street.
A large red double decker bus traveling down a street.
Vehicle traffic on a city street at night.
a red and silver fire hydrant some parking meters and cars
A blue and yellow fire hydrant in the grass.
A gas tank next to a fire hydrant with a face on it.
a child standing in a street near a fire hydrant 
A red fire hydrant in landscaping under a tree.
A modern silver and red fire hydrant is displayed.
A green and red fire hydrant with a large white house in background.
A stop sign that has a poster on it that says "dance".
A woman carrying a couple of bags of luggage.
An artistic version of a roller coaster at theme park
a tall fire hydrant i standing in a grassy field
A fire hyrdant in the middle of a grassy field.
a red fire hydrant at the corner of a street
YELLOW FIRE HYDRANT SITTING ON THE CURB BY THE STREET
A sunny, winter's day shows cars parked on the streets.
A gray fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A street with cars and a fire hydrant during sunset.
a fire hydrant sitting in the grass with chains hanging from it
A stop sign and fire hydrant at an empty intersection.
A water spigot on a street with ice.
a lady on the street holding a phone 
A man rides a motorcycle down an empty street next to houses.
This grey, four door luxury sedan is parked blocking a fire hydrant in violation of the law.
A blue fire hydrant near the black and white area. 
A man posing for a picture near a dear.
A fire hydrant in front of a blossoming tree on the side of the road
An open hydrant attracts a crowd on an urban street.
This red and white fire hydrant is in the middle of the grass.
There is a water hydrant on the ground surrounded by trees.
The families are riding bicycles and skateboards on path in the community park.
A rusted yellow fire hydrant amid tall grass and weeds.
A fire hydrant and a sign in front of a house.
A red car is parked along a city sidewalk.
Several buses and automobiles driving towards tall buildings. 
An old box with an oval top sits on the street corner.
A red fire hydrant surrounded by mud and grass. 
A rusty hydrant has some graffiti on it.
a couple of buildings and a white clock
A red fire hydrant in snow next to sign and tree.
A red broken fire engine in front of a building.
Two men using a tool to turn off the water supply.
A little boy playing in the grass with a ball.
a red fire hydrant a small road and some bushes and trees
The red fire hydrant on the side of the road is in working order. 
A green fire hydrant sitting on a patch of grass.
black woman sits on fire hydrant talks on phone
A woman holding an umbrella while walking next to a man.
a yellow fire hydrant some leaves bushes and trees
There is a car that is parked on the street 
a gray fire hydrant with eyes and a girl with a backpack
A red fire hydrant is on a cement stand.
People are posing by a fire hydrant and a stop light.
a yellow fire hydrant sitting close to a curb 

Toy plastic rockets on display in bulk packaging.
A black fire hydrant is hooked to a black hose on a street.
A city filled with traffic next to a tall building.
There is a yellow fire hydrant in front of a blue wall
A man holding a red and white rod stands next to a fire hydrant.
A man is taking a picture of himself through a mirror. 
a yellow fire hydrant with a black base protruding from a unfinished mud like surface.
An orange fire-hydrant located near some brick buildings.
a shadow of a person standing next to some street signs 
A grey sports car is parked on the street and a red fire hydrant is in the distant.
A fire hydrant near a construction area, with a large arch in the background.
Young males in blue tops taking turnings on the skateboard lift.
A red fire hydrant in a curved area of sidewalk.
A short fire hydrant sits next to a sign, on a sidewalk.
A fire hydrant by a fence in a snowy yard.
a collage of photos from people playing guitar to children smiling 
A red fire hydrant on grassy area by a street.
a pipe sticking out of a paved surface next to a street grate
A man walks on the sidewalk beside a large truck.
a face is drawn on a fire hydrant
a red fire hydrant with water spouting from it on a sidewalk .
a guy doing a jump with a snowboard
Four photos of a fire hydrant in a row.
a black and white fire hydrant and a red building and some people
A city sidewalk lined with trees and people sitting in benches.
an orange and yellow fire hydrant and three males
A fire hydrant is surrounded by snow on all sides.
a red and blue hydrant sitting in the grass by the sidewalk 
A red fire hydrant outside a small church 
A lone fire hydrant stands in front of 4 newspaper vending machines.
A young girl, barley taller than a fire hydrant, stands next to a fire hydrant on the sidewalk of the city street.
Boardwalk with orange stripes in the middle and a black hydrant with a yellow cap.
The sidewalk of a busy street has a yellow fire hydrant on it.
a red and white firehydrant sitting in some grass with cars and trees in the background
A child holds a round object over a fire hydrant.
Large yellow fire hydrant with green leaves on it surrounded by greenery.
a house and a yellow fire hydrant and snow
A white fire hydrant on the side of the street near a big bush
The empty bench sits at the end of the platform.
A man walks past a red fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
A yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A purple floral couch sits on a curb next to a white fire hydrant.
Shoes on the ground in front of a blue-grey fire hydrant. 
The side of a wall with a mural and a fire hydrant by the street.
Some cars are going down the street in the city.
A fire hydrant next to a walkway in a park.
The fire hydrant on the sidewalk is painted gold.
Graffiti spray painted onto a wall behind an old fire hydrant
A car waits patiently at a streetlight in a small town. 
A fire hydrant leaving a shadow on a public sidewalk.
A sidewalk features a bench, a tree and a black and yellow fire hydrant.
A red bike is locked to a bike rack next to a futuristic red trashcan.
A photo of a woman kneeling next to a fire hydrant.
A brown dog on a leash is sniffing a fire hydrant.
Two people stand next to a gold fire hydrant.
A blue and silver fire hydrant on a sloping sidewalk.
A large yellow moving truck parked outside of a home.
A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a sidewalk.
The  white and green hydrant is in concrete.
A couple of kids are skate boarding down a street.
A broken fire hydrant is shown on this empty street.
A green car parked by a building with the word Greed visible and a person waling in the rain with an umbrella on the sidewalk.
A yellow and green fire hydrant sitting in a sidewalk.
A red fire hydrant in front of a building.
A splotchy fire extinguisher stands next to a bent pole.
A yellow fire hydrant is on the frosty sidewalk.
A fire hydrant on the side walk next to some buildings.
an airplane at an airport surrounded by motorcycles
A black and white photograph of a fire hydrant. 
Small gold colored fire hydrant next to green foilage.
a fire hydrant in front of a car
A passsanger bus moving slowly down a quiet street.
A city bus headed for the Redmond bus stop.
A deer like animal standing on a sidewalk next to a fire hydrant.
A black and white photo of a fire hydrant. 
Red bicycle and small pylons on a street.
A rusted fire hydrant on a city sidewalk
A fire hydrant and a set of stairs covered with snow.
The blue weathered tank sits alongside the house.
A group of people by a yellow fire hydrant.
The street sign is pointing towards the library
Chained up fire hydrant in the middle of street.
A stop sign casting a shadow of a sign that says war.
A red fire hydrant is depicted which has a plaque that says open on it.
A fire hydrant next to a pole on the sidewalk. 
a woman is carrying her bags by a very tall fire hydrant
Kid running in the front yard with her kite
A city bus dropping off and picking up passengers at a bus stop.
An older man in a pirate outfit is walking down the street in a big city while talking on the phone
A yellow and blue fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.
One dog on a leash and another dog on the street. 
There is an image of a fire hydrant with dalmatian spots.
the semi makes a turn onto the road avoiding a red fire-hydrant.
snow on the ground with a sky background
Two green trash cans sitting in the snow near a yellow fire hydrant.
A red fire hydrant next to gray wall and red leaves.
A woman with a black umbrella crosses a city street in the rain.
A red fire hydrant stands in the asphalt with a pair of gloves near by.
an image of people standing outside and ice cream store
A woman on a sidewalk with paint painting the fire hydrant.
A rusty hydrant with weeds at its base.
A person with an umbrella and some cars on a street.
Older hotel on corner of street with old sign
A person shown in shadow taking a photo of a fire hydrant.
A large machine digs up a side walk at a construction site.
A woman wearing high boots walks down a street. 
Black and white photo of a fire hydrant next to a narrow path
A red fire-hydrant on a street near some cars in Europe.
There are signs of construction work ahead with orange cones and flags.
A vintage building stands at the street corner.
A man standing in the street holding papers
A white fire hydrant sits on a street corner.
A fire hydrant and toy figure on the street.
There is a woman crouched behind the fire hydrant.
two guys that are standing next to a fire hydrogen 
A fire hyrdrant under a big balloon. 
A little boy next to a yellow fire hydrant.
A man sitting on a pole in front of a business 
the clock is hanging above a red firehydrant
A fenced construction area with a "No Hiring On Site" sign.
An intersection with a stop sign and highway signs.
A young girl climbing on a painted fire hydrant
Angular trash receptacles on the sidewalk near a fire hydrant.
A small green house on a corner lot with lots of trees.
A fire hydrant in a pedestrian shopping mall in a city
A white fire hydrant across the street from a car and house.
A view of a road, with cars passing down in a blurry picture.
A doughnut shop sits on a corner with traffic lights.
Woman using her phone standing under an umbrella on the sidewalk
A person squatting on the street by a hydrant.
A  fire hydrant next to a sign with Asian writing
A red and yellow fire hydrant with chains on the caps.
The side of a building with windows and a sign
A red and blue fire hydrant is sitting next to flowers.
A little girl leaning against a red fire hydrant.
An overgrown empty lot with a yellow fire hydrant
A couple of yellow poles near a hoes and sewer. 
a man is kneeling down on a skateboard
People are standing on a sidewalk by a fire hydrant. 
a red and blue fire hydrant on a busy street with people passing
some blue hydrants sitting on the side of a road filled with some cars 
Old building with lots of paper in windows.
A stop sign and fire hydrant are near a road.
An orange fire hydrant sitting at the side of the street.
A road bridge passes over a large river
A fire hydrant spewing water on a city street.
A little girl and her parasol with a fire hydrant.
A man sitting on the bench talking on his phone.
A gray fire hydrant next to a construction fence.
A close up of a fire hydrant on a street 
a blue and white fire hydrant on a side walk
a yellow and black fire hydrant close to the road

an abandoned boat sitting on the side of the road 
A small red fire hydrant is in the corner of a building.
A tall red brick building with a mexican restaurant.
Sign with an arrow pointing to where the bike lane is.
A garage is full of graffiti at the front 
A city intersection with a yellow stop light glowing
A blue car on the curb being pushed over by a bus.
A dog and a fire hydrant on a street.
Building on opposite side of street to fire hydrant with cars parked in front.
An old looking red fire hydrant by a fence.
A fire hydrant with an out of order sign on a street side.
A firetruck rests next to a leaf-strewn, forested area full of naked and near naked trees as a fireman works on  a hydrant that is attached to a hose from the truck.
A white dog chained to a red fire hydrant next to a bike. 
a back of a warehouse showing the door and a small shed that says fire hydrant and hose.
An intersection of streets with stop lights hanging above.
A red fire hydrant next to lampposts on a street.
A fire hydrant is covered in snow on the street
A blue pole with a yellow circle at the top with a small chain dangling from the center of the circle.
a fire hydrant in a field near city street 
A yellow fire hydrant next to plants in the snow
A mail box is painted in the shape of Star Wars.
a fire hydrogen that is next to a  roadway
A woman is walking down the sidewalk carrying two large bags and a man is one the sidewalk dancing.
A graffiti covered dumpster sits on a sidewalk.
this is a stop sign with fabric wrapped around it
a fire hydrant sits in grass next to a steet
A fire truck is on a city street.
Sun setting on a dark street and buildings.
A person bowing before a red fire hydrant.
A man is standing outside by a street sign.
The stop sign and the street are covered in snow.
a little girl standing next to a yellow fire hyrdrant and touching it 
A fire hydrant on a hill along a street 
A car parked in front of a building.
A blue fire hydrant rusted over with a silver top.
A for rent sign hanging outside in front of a building .
A man sitting on an yellow fire hydrant on the sidewalk. 
People stand on a street near a fire hydrant that is leaking. 
A yellow and blue fire hydrant in the grass with bushes behind.
an image of a dog in front of a fire hydrant
A fire hydrant laying on its side out of the ground.
this is a man doing a trick on his board
A red fire hydrant next to a tree with a information plaque.
A silver fire hydrant stands in the grass next to shrubbery.
a fire hydrant with chains sitting on a side walk
a city bus drives down a city street 
A long line of cars can be seen in this rear view mirror.
A stop sign in front of a neighbourhood.
A red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a forest covered in snow.
Two red street signs are located in an older village.
A person with blue ripped sneakers riding a skateboard
A fire hydrant in a wooded area with a stop sign posted to a tree. 
People cross the street by a corner convenience store.
Several parrots eat from feeding dishes in a city.
Two stop signs on separate poles at the same intersection.
A yellow and blue fire hydrant sitting in a park by a rock formation.
a red fire hydrant is sitting by a curb
A fire hydrant blocked off on the side of a road. 
A fire hydrant is on a square of cement on grass.
A fire hydrant painted silver and blue on a street corner.
A red and yellow fire hydrant sitting in a crop field.
A child with a backpack leans on a fire hydrant and holds his mother's hand
A little girl in a blue jacket getting ready to hit a ball with her little pink bat.
An city street at night with a traffic light. 
A dog standing next to yellow and green fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant sits in the middle of the grass
a yellow fire hydrant sitting on the sidewalk

A red fire hydrant raised up in the grass. 
A police car parked right next to a fire hydrant.
A man walks down a city street at night.
A street sign on a corner written in another language
A yellow and red fire hydrant covered in white snow
A photo of a sidewalk and fire hydrant with people in the background.
A picture of a dog in some snow.
A bus is approaching the corner of a street where a fire hydrant is located.
A large tree in a yard on a street corner.
a pole that has a sign on it
a blue brick building with a man leaning on it
A white cat walking on brick street with red structure in the background.
A stop sign stands leaning with a sticker that reads "Homophobia" stuck to it.
A fake fire hydrant on a plate next to a basket of toys.
A rusted old fire hydrant on the sidewalk
a yellow fire hydrant stands on a lawn beside a fence and trees.
A man with a ball of some sort.
A red fire hydrant in the grass in the shade.
a yellow and red fire hydrant is on a curb
A red pipe near a brick building is surrounded by snow.
A silver and blue fire hydrant sitting next to a building.
A fire hydrant across the street from a building and a large crane
the people are sitting and eating on the floor
A red fire hydrant outside a shopping center.
Pigeons bathe themselves in a puddle on a city street.
A fire hydrant with a green top and a white and black circle painted on it.
one yellow fire hydrant sitting in the grass near a street sign by a gas station
A boy jumping over a fire hydrant on a skateboard.
A group of kids standing beside an opened fire hydrant.
A car moving through an intersection with green light.
Orange and blue fire hydrant fenced in outside.
A well with a wooden covering in the woods.
this fire hydrant sits on top of a pole and is painted red, white and blue
An old dirty brown and green fire hydrant.
some street signs and a fire hydrant on a city street
a stop light resting in a snowy road
a small girls bike in front of a yellow fire hydrant 
A red hydrant is sitting on the sidewalk in the city.
View of an empty urban street from the sidewalk.
A neon green safety cone next to a fire hydrant painted in many colors.
A woman standing out side while holding an umbrella.
some cardboard cutouts sitting behind a large glass window 
Workers let water run out of the fire hydrant on the side of the street.
View of a tall fire hydrant behind the fence
A fire hydrant painted to resemble a nut cracker figure.
A woman is hugging an orange fire hydrant.
An intersection photograph[hed through the windshield of a car,
a little red and blue fire hydran next to a sidewalk
A yellow and green fire hydrant on the side of a street with peeling paint.
Two hoses are attached to a fire hydrant.
The fire hydrant has a over grown bush growing by it. 
A large tan building with a white truck in front of it with a ladder attached to it. 
A green, white and yellow garbage truck making it's rounds.
There are two men standing beside a fire hydrant.
A city street and sidewalk that has various store signs attached to the fronts of the buildings, over the sidewalk area.
A close up of a person walking with a cane on the sidewalk.
A yellow fire hydrant in front of a brick wall.
A fire hydrant in the grass with a red top and yellow bottom.
A fire hydrant on asphalt between the curb and the sidewalk
People on a sidewalk on a rainy day.
A traffic light is on green while a SUV travels down the road. 
a fire hydrant in a field with spiky plants
The yellow and black fire hydrant has leaves around it.
a vintage photo of a street with a car parked 
An empty street with a sign welcoming you to town
A green fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A red, white and blue fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A red car turns into a space in a parking lot.
A yellow fire hydrant outside a public building
A water hydrant on a pavement and a potted plant
An old metal water hydrant in a weedy field.
A fire hydrant is in the one patch of grass in snow.
A close up of a red and white fire hydrant.
The young woman is painting the fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant at the corner of a street with houses in the background.
Fire hydrant in grass by street with lower body of clothed person.
A person is riding down a ramp on a skateboard.
A yellow fire hydrant on the sidewalk near bushes. 
A white one way street sign sitting on the side of a road.
Snow covers a fire hydrant near a road.
A fire truck parked next to a yellow fire hydrant.
A bicycle is parked next to a fire hydrant.
A yard with a fire hydrant and trees at night.
A fire hydrant is in a grass field in front of a building.
There is a red fire hydrant that is on the corner
A fire hydrant that has been colored red, white, and blue.
A police officer walking down a busy street.
Woman texting on cell phone walking down sidewalk by large red fire hydrant.
A group of traffic lights and street signs on a city road.
A full view of an open area with nature. 

a house with the porch light on lighting up the fire hydrant
A person using their cell phone sitting outside
Cars parked along the side of a street.
A yellow fire hydrant is at the side of the street.
a fire hydrant decorated to look like a dog with a red nose
Two boys playing next to an opened fire hydrant. 
There is a fire hydrant beside the building. 
The fire hydrant is painted green and yellow.
a chinese diner sits on the corner of a street
A woman pulls a wheeled suitcase past a fire hydrant.
A woman ina  raincoat walks down the steet
People are on a sidewalk with parking meters.
From an open fire hydrant, ice leads down and onto the pavement.
A fireman is attaching a hose to a fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant and a sign that reads "Keep off the grass."
Two people can see the time at a busy city street.
a street sign in front of a motorcycle and car
A red fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.
A small white building with a clock on the corner
There are some debris next to the fire hydrant.
A man looking in the trunk of his car
A fire hydrant is sitting in the grass.
The fire hydrant stands next to the tall buildings.
Black and white photo of a large clock located outside.
Strange helmets on pillars line up on a sidewalk.
there is a yellow and blue fire hydrant
A stop sign at the corner of a small town with cars lined up in the backdrop.
Dog looks on outside of a travel bag on the back of a bicycle.
The bricks of this building are many colors
On wet black pavement, holding a hula hoop and red umbrella, stands a woman wearing a red one-piece dress, white purse and red shoes.
A white van sitting in front of a yellow fire hydrant.
Light green and white painted fire hydrant with people walking in background.
A red fire hydrant is in the grass some distance from a high rise building.
Someone walking their dog in the middle of the street
a dog laying in the grass by a fire hydrant
The busy street has a large building on the side.
A black and white photo shows buildings along the Brooklyn bridge.
A palm tree is on one side with an evergreen tree on the other side and snow capped mountains are in the distance.
a city public transportation bus making a right hand turn
A red fire hydrant on a brick sidewalk next to a street.
A man in a suit waits to cross an intersection.
A store on a corner in a small town
A fire hydrant and tv are shown next to a wall.
A man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
An intersection with a stop light on a city street.
kids sit in the street painting a divider.
Three colored fire hydrant in front of family eating outside.
A street with traffic lights above and various buildings.
A sign that is outside of a nearby building that has a face on it.
A fire hydrant in front of a house on the sidewalk.
Two people posing in front of a fire hydrant.
very many boats parked at the sea shore
a gold painted fire hydrant with someones hand on top of it
A yellow fire hydrant with a blue painted top. 
A fire hydrant that is covered in snow.
An old fashioned fire hydrant on the city streets.
A yellow and black fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk.
Two women sit at a table as a young man looks on.
Three street signs on top of each other in black and white on a pole. 
A vandalized red fire hydrant in front of a brick wall
A yellow fire hydrant across the street from a house and trees.
a man is standing in front of a fire hydrant
A fire truck is parked beside a stop sign.
A small, red fire hydrant sits in a rocky field.
A white and yellow fire hydrant on a sidewalk.
A person with a backpack standing on the sidewalk near a street sign and fire hydrant.
The fire hydrant is on the side of the building. 
A water hydrant on the sidewalk with plants nearby
A man is standing in front of a statue.
Large assortment of suitcases lined up on sidewalk of busy city.
A red fire hydrant protrudes from the ground
A hydrant sitting in a bed of white flowers
A street with buildings and street signs in the background. 
A traffic cop is directing traffic at a cross walk.
a fire hydrant sits in the dirt on the curb
there is a fire hydrant that is red and yellow
A small city street with vehicles and a pedestrian walking her dogs. 
A yellow fire hydrant sitting on the middle of a sidewalk.
A city street with biker looking confusedly around
A man and woman holding hands while walking down a city street.
A mother watches as her small toddler walks toward a yellow concrete pole.
The orange and white city bus is very long.
A fire hydrant has been taped up with plastic bags and tape.
A silver and yellow fire hydrant in the grass near a traffic sign in the street on a wood pole. 
A modern style automated type parking meter near the road.
Fire hydrant surrounded by a blue tarp and some type of equipment in the foreground
The hydrant is decorated with several colorful decorations.
a giant rectangular object sitting in the trunk of an unoccupied car
The majestic Chateau looks like a castle on a sunny day.
A drawing of a man is shown behind a fire hydrant and fence.
A youth baseball player is up to bat and gripping low.
there is a old rusted fire hydrant on the street
A person in a costume standing in front of a statue.
Street intersection  as seen lit by street lamp on winter night.
a sign on a pole for an animal sanctuary
Men standing around outside on possibly a movie set 
A white fire hydrant in front of an intersection. 
Person in jeans and sneakers standing on yellow fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant gushes water next to a sign indicating that a cafe is open.
A fire hydrant painted yellow by the sidewalk.
a yellow fire hydrant cars lights and buildings 
POLICE CAR STOPPED IN FRONT OF A FIRE HYDRANT
A bright orange fire hydrant is shown on the sidewalk.
A dog that is standing on top of a fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant with a sign posted next to it that reads "Pet Rest Area".
A red fire hydrant on the middle of a sidewalk.
Many cartoon modeled objects are in the sand. 
The top of a red fire hydrant is shown at close range.
Two gray fire hydrants sitting next to each other at a park.
A tire encircles a fire hydrant near some dump trucks
A group of kids plays in a fire hydrant as an official looks on.
A fire hydrant next to a construction sandwich board
a fire hydrant sits off a city street 
two cars on a city street with a sky background
A gray fire hydrant sprays water all over the street.
Two people and a horse on a sidewalk in front of a house.
A fire hydrant is shown on the sidewalk.
A silver and red fire hydrant sitting in the snow.
The fire hydrant is located in the middle of the forest.
A river with a fire hydrant in foreground and mountains.
Orange fire hydrant sits at a distance from building on stormy day.
a fire hydrant and a sign by a lake
A stop sign next to a Japanese Maple tree on a street corner.
A color usa flag on a fire hydrant and a parked bike by it
A fire hydrant in front of a lighted multi-level parking garage.
A young boy standing next to a silver fire hydrant.
Fire department emergency water hookups outside a building.
A woman walking down a street holding an umbrella.
A storage area with firewood, cleaning supplies and tools.
A red fire hydrant with writing on it near a curb. 
A slushy road by a snow covered walkway and a hydrant. 
A fire hydrant and a wooden bench on a beach.
A tree is blocking the view of an empty parking lot
A fire hydrant is placed in the sidewalk.
a fire hydant partially covered in snow 
A street with cars parked in slanted parking spots.
A fire fighter inspecting a fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
A man sitting in a field of dandelions beside a fire hydrant.
A gray Ford Crown Victoria parked on a city street at night.
A street sign next to an empty rain covered street in front of a mountain.
An open fire hydrant pouring water into a street.
Two police officers on bikes are riding down the street.
An old red fire hydrant is by the water.
A line of trees by a fire hydrant
A man crossing an intersection on his bicycle in front of a car. 
A police officer on a motorcycle riding alongside a group of protesters who are walking down the street.
The nose of a white plane in parking lot next to cars.
A red fire hydrant in the grass on a street corner.
a person kneeling down next to a red and white fire hydrant on a sidewalk 
A woman carrying a covered tennis racquet and walking a dog.
Boy doing a stunt on a skateboard on the street.
A small boy sitting on a fire hydrant. 
The city buses are traveling down the street. 
an old truck sitting next to a yellow fire hydrant 
A white truck is parked on the street just past a fire hydrant
A fire hydrants and pole on a side walk with a view of part of the street.
The alleys by the buildings are very narrow.
A street with traffic lights, wall and buildings.
A fire hydrant is designed and painted to look like a giraffe.
A warning sign and a fire hydrant are on a river bed.
An intersection with traffic lights, streetlights, and vehicles at night.
A man is spraying water from a fire hydrant. 
An adult standing in the snow next to the street with an umbrella.
bike riders passing Burger King in city street
A large fire truck with hoses connected to a hydrant.
A small window and a red fire hydrant between two bike racks.
A fire hydrant that is by the street.
A yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A white yorkie walking by a yellow fire hydrant
Graffitied fire hydrant looks like its very surprised. 
A sign at the entrance of an establishment with cactus plants by it.
An all way stop sign is on a corner.
A red fire hydrant with the shadow of a light post.
Red and white fire hydrant near shrubbed area.
A person sits on the bike portion of a bike carriage, waiting for customers. 
Fire hydrant on the side grass sidewalk with street.
A fire hydrat on the edge of a sidewalk
Several surf boarders and a cyclist make their way down a seaside boulevard.
A fire hydrant sits in a garden, and has some graffiti.
Many bags of trash next to a fire hydrant.
A lone fire hydrant sitting outside a gate alongside a sidewalk.
a pink fire hydrant sits between two poles 
A group of people running and being sprayed by a fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant sits on a quiet city street.
A fire hydrant on a city sidewalk edged in snow.
A toddler touching a fire hydrant on the street.
some cars sit parked by some department stores 
Two women having a conversation in the rain
A person is jumping over a fire hydrant on a skateboard.
A fire hydrant that is covered in snow.
A fire hydrant is halfway sunk into the ground. 
A FIRE HYDRANT AND WARNING  CONE SITTING ON THE CORNER
A red fire hydrant on sidewalk next to a wet street.
A couple of ladies walk down a sidewalk past a yellow hydrant.
a fire hydrant spraying water out onto a street 
A deep channel creates a pathway in the snow by a fire hydrant.
A group of people walk past a shop.
A colorful graffiti painting on the side of a building.
A yellow fire hydrant next to a street.
street scene with bus in middle of road next to man with his hand raised
Fire hydrant standing at a curb with a coke can on top.
A guy sitting in a car talking on a cell phone. 
A fire hydrant on a sidewalk sits before a stone wall.  
A close up of a fire hydrant on a city street.
Man wearing a green hoodie talking on his cellphone. 
A fire hydrant covered with snow in the snow 
A red and white fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A player in  a red helmet takes a swing.
A woman with a child near a fire hydrant
A single fire hydrant that is painted red, white and blue.
A fire hydrant on the side of the street 
A red fire hydrant sits in the forest.
A red and white fire hydrant next to a pole surrounded by flowers.
The windmill is sitting in an open field.
A red fire hydrant and black pole beside the street.
A person riding a skateboard, holding a guitar, and talking on the phone.
A red fire hydrant with a valve near grass.
A police officer crossing a crosswalk as a bus approaches.
A horse drawn carriage going down a city street.
A yellow fire hydrant sitting in front of purple flowers.
A blue and yellow fire hydrant in front of a concert venue.
THERE ARE PEOPLE WITH UMBRELLAS IN THE STREET
A fire hydrant in front of a snow covered field, a lake and mountain backdrop.
A young girl in yellow sitting on grass
A white and blue fire hydrant next to a street of people.
A red fire hydrant sticking out in the middle of nowhere
An open fire hydrant pours water into a flooded street.
A number of small yellow flowers near a fire hydrant.
Two lanes of cars waiting at a traffic light.
a couple of cars are waiting in traffic
The fire hydrant is being capped off by something different.
A merchant is selling food on a city street.
A green fire hydrant at the corner of an intersection.
A blue fire hydrant with a white top sits beside a road.
a red and white fire hydrant standing close to a white picket fence 
Cross street with car in the middle and cars parked along sides of buildings.
a parking meter that has been drawn all over
a fire hydrant with the word hydrant written above it
An orange and green fire hydrant with a cap sitting on it.
a yellow fire hydrant on a side walk next to street with passing cars
A red fire hydrant sitting next to a street with a fire house attached to it.
A school bus is in a large parking lot.
Water erupting from a burst main on the side of a busy street.
A street sign stating to drive slow due to turtle crossing.
Eight different fire hydrants and 1 one dog. Dogs like to pee on fire hydrants
A yellow fire hydrant next to a train track.
A mirror has been placed on the side of the street
The street lights shine off of the water valves.
The cars are travelling  by the stop light.
A white and black fire hydrant on sidewalk with car passing by.
A fire hydrant is in the grass near rocks.
two young children playing near a fire hydrant
Car parked up on the dirt by a rusty fire hydrant
Yellow Fire Hydrant on a red curb at the corner of a street 
A fire hydrant is in the clearing in the forest.
A fire hydrant with a baseball cap sitting on the ground next to it.
A fire hydrant sits on a wooden dock.
a yellow and white fire hydrant and some cars in a parking lot
a brick building with a fire hydrant sitting outside of it
There is a rusty fire hydrant sitting in a warehouse. 
A fire hydrant sits along a busy street.
A fire hydrant is painted in many colors of graffiti.
The fire hydrant is in the snow near a recently plowed sidewalk.
A man in a suit on a city street.
A yellow fire hydrant with a pole sitting near a field.
a couple of men are loading a truck with glass
a yellow and white fire hydrant near railroad tracks. 
A gray fire hydrant is sitting on some grass.
An orange fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.
The white fire hydrant is on the side of the road. 
A man sitting in the grass next to a fire hydrant. 
A fire hydrant on a sidewalk with a brick building in the background.
A group of police officers riding on the backs of brown horses.
A garbage can, which is made to look like a can of soup, sits on the sidewalk.
A side of a building with a green fire hydrant. 
A bus with a Casino Advertisement on it next to a fire hydrant.
A yellow fire hydrant with chains hanging from it's sides.
A red fire hydrant is on a leafy sidewalk.
A man in a dog suit standing next to a giant fire hydrant.
A man jumping while holding a street sign on street corner.
A person with a pink umbrella and a suitcase next to a taxi cab.
A small pumpkin growing next to a sidewalk.
A close-up of a yellow fire hydrant with hat on top.
There is something captured here in this photo.

There is a red fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
A red and white fire hydrant on a street.
The fire hydrant is covered in too much snow. 
A fire hydrant is hidden behind leaves on the ground.
A smiling man holds out a card with color swatches.
Three vases with straw sitting on a sidewalk.
Two girls at an intersection along with a food truck.
A yellow and green fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
an orange and black fire hydrant sitting near the street 
A admiring the flood waters that have consumed the street.
A red fire hydrant in a grassy park.
a fire hydrgon that is in the middle of a walk way
A grey fire hydrant placed in the grass in front of a house.
A young child with rollers in her hair stands next to a fire hydrant on the side of the road in a city.
A close of photo of a snow covered bicycle and fire hydrant.
Vehicle traffic on a paved road in a large metropolitam area.
A blue and yellow fire hydrant sitting in grass.
potted plants on a brick lined side walk
A fire hydrant on the sidewalk is next to a window.
A woman walking past a statue of a chili pepper and a fire hydrant.
Two children standing near a yellow fire hydrant.
A stop sign in front of a green field
a fire hydrant on a platform near a road 
A mini police car is parked next to a fire hydrant
a boy and a girl stands next to a white fire hydrant
A fire hydrant sitting in front of a house.
A boy riding a skateboard down a street.
a green and white bus and a crowd of people
A white car is parked close to a fire hydrant.
A car turns an intersection in a neighborhood of houses.
an old rusted fire hidrent outside near a walk way
A street sign is at a call city intersection.
Two people siting on the sidewalk in front of a music store.
A woman standing by a yellow fire hydrant 
The stop sign is across the street from a bridge.
An ambulance responds to an emergency and blocks a fire hydrant
Several yellow fire hydrants with one knocked over
a yellow fire hydrant on an empty road
A red fire hydrant  in the foreground with a lighted city in the background.
A large yellow truck is backed into a parking space with a man inside.
A guy on a skateboard does tricks on cement garden boxes in town.
A fire hydrant is covered by rocks and foliage
a colorful fire hydrant sits in the bushes
A fire hydrant on a street corner with tall buildings in the background.
A statue of two women with a dog beside a fire hydrant
A fire hydrant on a neighborhood street with trees and shrubs around it.
A dollar is on the side of the store next to a street.
A very cute looking fire hydrant by a yellow wall.
A view of two traffic lights and an open road through a car windshield.
A street sign near a fire hydrant on a sidewalk.
A worn yellow fire hydrant sits in the green grass.
Two little girls are wearing fireman hats and poking a fire hydrant.
An old photograph of a city street lined with cars.
A fire hydrant with wooden benches and a grill in the background.
A street with traffic lights, signs and palm trees around it.
Clock and flag on street corner of NE Stella St.
a building with "i like you" written all over it 
A little boy in a blue shirt smiles and stands next to a fire hydrant.
A car and motorcycle stopped at a light in a city. 
Two dump trucks sitting idle waiting for a load to be dumped in the back.
Girl standing on sidewalk being sprayed with water. 
A man who is feeding a slice of pizza to a woman.
The initials of lovers in cement by a fire hydrant.
The man is jumping for joy by the fire hydrant. 
A bus travelling on the road to college point.
a man with a back pack walks down a side walk
He be hurting if he lands on the fire hydrant.
Two people taking pictures next to an intersection.
a street full of cars sitting at a stop light with a store near by
A stop sign on a suburban street corner that has a sticker that says "driving" placed on it beneath the word "STOP".
The red fire hydrant is on the city sidewalk.
a red fire hydrant with two nozzles on it 
A black and white photo of a street with a few cars on it.
a close up of a car parked on top of a small fire hydrant
A bus driving over a puddle of water next to a man on the street.
A yellow, orange and black bus moving along a city street.
A blue fire hydrant is surrounded by a bare ground
A close shot of a yellow fire hydrant. 
A man sprays water from a hydrant into the street.
A gray fire hydrant with a yellow top.
A busted fire hydrant spraying water all over a street.
Children playing in the water spray from a fire hydrant on a city street.
A plain white house in a neighborhood. 
A slow sign cabled to a yellow fire hydrant.
A red fire hydrant between two flower boxes
An street with several parked cars, but no one driving
A fire hydrant with a blue top on the sidewalk.
People standing around on a sidewalk by the firetruck.
A red fire hydrant in front of a black and white background
Park scene, park bench, light pole and building in back ground, probably city park area.
A fire hydrant and a bike resting on pole on a sidewalk
A water facet used by the fire department.
Red fire hydrant in the grass by a street curb.
Faded red fire hydrant sitting in a grassy field alone. 
A bush is growing next to an old fire hydrant. 
a street sign on the corner of a city street
Two people are crossing the street as they are heading towards the stop sign.
This is a picture of a fire hydrant that is in front of an old building. 
A woman wearing a tan coat walking down the sidewalk approaching a cross walk in the city.
a broken fire hydrant with water spewing out of it 
An intersection with traffic lights and street signs.
a fire hydrant spraying water at a car
A snow-filled uncleared road in a suburban setting.
A clock on a sidewalk in the city.
Ground level shot of a green fire hydrant adjacent to the sidewalk
Red and blue fire hydrant on the side of a city road. 
A blue and red fire hydrant is in front of a brick wall. 
A fire hydrant that has a sign on it.
A red fire hydrant with a yellow splotch on it.
A city bus waits at a red light.
men in a boat floating past building and a fire hydrant 
There are many confusing signs at the intersection of an old country road.
Fire hydrant in tall brown grass that's been worn out.
A courtyard near a building with a red fire hydrant. 
A fire hydrant on a busy corner surrounded by refuse.
Fire hydrant next to a weed covered lawn of a house.
A view of a hire hydrant with a small house in back.
Metal pipes lay on the ground at a construction site.
A STOP sign that has been altered sitting on a city street. 
A man standing in the street getting splashed with water.
Motorcycles parked on the side of a street.
A red and white fire hydrant sitting next to a sidewalk.
a street pole sits next to a city street 
A fire hydrant near a sinkhole on the street
An old, decrepit police car is depicted crashed into a red fire hydrant behind a black chain-link fence. 
A bicycle leans against a wall under a water hydrant.
A fire hydrant on a city street is covered with snow
a hydrant in a place near some houses
there are many trains at this train depot
A yellow fire hydrant with a couple of eyes drawing on it.
The official in a yellow vest is using a wrench on a fire hydrant. 
a red fire hydrant covered in snow by a thin pole
A damage cylinder is some sort sitting near a fire hydrant.
A San Francisco street corner with stop sign, bike path directions and ethnic cafe
A woman leaning against on a fire hydrant on the street.
a black fire hydrant is in the grass
a fire hydrant out side a large building outside
A three story white building with cars parked on the street in front of it.
A red fire hyrdant sign pointing at a fire hydrant
a red fire hydrant next to a wooden fence 
A freeway sign states Las Vegas north in the background behind a yellow and blue fire hydrant
A bicycle sign is attached to a telephone pole.
A bench is sitting in front of a street lamp.
A fire hydrant sunken in to mud amid trash
a red fire hydrant is next to a sign
A fire hydrant with frozen water hanging from it.
Cars and pedestrians traveling on a crowded city street.
A man holding a little girl on a skateboard.
A car and a sign on a city street.
A bike leaned up against an old fire hydrant.
a red and yellow fire hydrant by a wall
A pipe has red caps and yellow tags.
A tractor trailer with safeway written on the side
A fire hydrant stand on top of a concrete block.
A black and white fire hydrant is commemorating about the Vietnam war. 
A man sits on the sidewalk next to a hydrant.
An empty city street is shown, next to brick rowhouses.
A yellow fire hydrant standing on a curb.
A yellow fire hydrant on the sidewalk in an urban area
The girl by the fire hydrant is acting silly
A brown and white dog near a red and white fire hydrant.
a fire hydrant and a rolled up fire hose 
A girl near an open fire hydrant on a city street.
A small boy sitting on a yellow fire hydrant.
A man on a bicycle races down the street ahead of several city buses.
A red fire hydrant sitting next to a tall tree.
A city street with a construction wall covered in posters
a fire hydrant sitting next to a street 
Young children lady next fire hydrant on walk.
A fire hydrant is in the middle of a parking lot.
A fire hydrant that had its top painted yellow
A fire hydrant sits in the grass in front of some flowers.
A firetruck parked on a city street at night.
Parking and no parking signs are hanging on a post.
A traffic signal underneath some tall buildings. 
Cars are parked in driveways in deep snow.
A pink fire hydrant is on the side of a side walk.
Many groups of people walk down the sidewalk.
A yellow and orange fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A fire extinguisher is on the side of the road and painted like a dalmatian.
A compact car stopped at a suburban intersection.
The young skateboarder wears a pink shirt and a backpack.
A construction worker standing on dirt near a fire hydrant. 
a street with only a couple cars on it
The man sits on the ground near a flooded, broken fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant painted red white and green.
A red fire hydrant stands in the dirt of a stone platform.
A bunch of lights that are in the street.
A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.
A old "Psychic Boutique" sign in front of a white house. 
A busted fire hydrant spewing water all over the street.
A bus is going down a road by large trees.
A very quiet looking road with some mist and trees.
A parking meter sitting outside of a building.
A residential scene of a house with several signs posted on a pole
A red fire hydrant sits near a rusty gate.
A yellow fire hydrant with a pipe attached near some caution cones.
There are two men dressed as dogs standing near a fire hydrant
A fire hydrant sits between two small poles.
A black and silver motorcycle lies on the ground
a person parked by a fire hydrant on a main street closing the car door
The fire hydrant is located next to the yellow striped curb.
Truck towing  wheeled hydrant in a parade
A man who is spray painting a fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant stands next to a stone wall surrounded by a variety of plant life.
A fire hydrant is sitting in the green grass. 
a yellow fire hydrant near a country road
A person sitting on a concrete bench with an umbrella.
A yellow fire hydrant on the sidewalk next to the curb. 
a blue red and white sign and a red fire hydrant
A young man riding a skateboard across a city street.
Several people walk through an empty carnival with colorful rides.
Group of people sitting on a park bench along the side of a road. 
An aged fire hydrant with faded paint and a missing cap.
a little girl is standing in front of a stop sign and a tree
there are many cars that are waiting for the light to turn green 
A red fire hydrant next to a yellow taxi.
A large vehicle is parked next to a fire hydrant.
A bike and fire hydrant that are covered in snow.
There is a red fire hydrant in the corner of a park
Fire trucks on a city street after a rain 
A green fire hydrant is standing on a street curb.
A little girl putting a umbrella on top of a hydrant. 
A fire hydrant with a pair of eye stickers making a face on it.
A lady standing on sidewalk on city street.
An old fire hydrant is on a city sidewalk.
A child s swinging a bat toward a ball resting on a fire hydrant
A red fire hydrant placed on a city street
A child holding a frisbee in the grass.
Two men look at papers on an outdoor inflatable red table.
A bread truck sitting on a street side with bread spelled backwards on the side.
A baseball player kneeling down on a baseball field.
A construction worker looking at a fire hydrant.
An orange fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A fire hydrant on the side of the street.
The red fire hydrant has a pair of eyes painted on it. 
A truck on a busy street outside a restaurant.
A blue fire hydrant slightly rusted on a sidewalk.
This is an image of a man who is a guitar street performer.
There are many people walking on the busy downtown street.
A yellow fire hydrant that's by the road is leaking. 
a street that has some trees next to it
A yellow and green fire hydrant on a city street.
A red bike that is locked to a sign and sitting next to a silver fire hydrant.
a parking meter with a piece of paper on the front of it 
A young girl by a fire hydrant blowing bubbles.
A white fire hydrant in front of a wall painted to look like the seaside
an old fire hydrant painted black and silver on a sidewalk
a yellow car sits parked behind a sign
there is a black pick up truck with a dog on the back
There is a black fire hydrant that is in the sand
a coat sitting on top of a metal pipe in the corner of the yard
A shiny silver water pipe sticking out of the sidewalk.
Two women walking towards a store with umbrellas.
a guy  hunkered down in front of a yellow and blue fire hydrant  
A bike path street sign showing Canadian towns.

A very close up view of an old bright colored fir hydrant.
A street with a large banner advertising Christmas trees.
a red and black fire hydrant sitting in the grass
A street intersection in the United States with a shop called "The Buttery".
A guitar, a backpack, and a suitcase on the ground.
a street pole with a clock on the top of it 
a person on a bike rides down a city street 
a fire hydrant in the snow outside of a gate
A bronze fire hydrant has a drawn smiling face on it.
A person in a pacman suit next to a fire hydrant.
two lights same direction two different colors 
a bunch of traffic passes by a shopping center 
the yellow top of a fire hydrant with cars in the background
Traffic is flowing next to the large buildings. 
A fire hydrant at the curb painted and decorated with colors and words.
Snow covered street and cars in suburban town.
A street with buses, cars and many wire
this is a street at night with many lights on
A fire hydrant on a city street on a snowy day.
an old fire hydrant covered with dust. 
A fire hydrant sits nearly covered by plant overgrowth.
a fire hydrant next to a street in the snow
A red fire hydrant pouring water onto a sidewalk.
A fire hydrant with a  mans face painted on it.
A seagull sitting on green grass in a yard.
an electronic street sign on a snowy city street
A man urinating all over the middle of a street.
A sidewalk view of a car, fire hydrant, building, and several people on foot and bike.
A black building with white graffiti is the background; a street sign and fire hydrant has been dressed up in clothes and balloons, and a slew of liquor bottles surrounds them. 
a street sign on a wooden pole near a fire hydrant
The word "lies" is grffitied over a newspaper box. 
The man is riding a three wheeled bike outside.
A man dressed in a red shirt hitting a baseball. 
A red fire hydrant on street next to a building.
Orange fire hydrant spewing water onto a city street
A red fire hydrant stands in a parking lot while a man holding the handle of a tool is in the distance.
A fire hydrant sitting in front of tables and chairs.
A large fire hydrant with multiple hose connectors.
a yellow fire hydrant some wires and green plants
A blue street sign with the words Merton st. is next to a white piece of artwork.
A yellow and orange fire hydrant next a red painted curb.
a fire hydrant with a smashed up tv resting on top
A green red and white fire hydrant on the curb.
an image of a silver fire hydrant on the street
A white and blue fire hydrant near a street.
An abandoned shopping cart parked by a fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant sitting next a street pole.
A multicolored fire hydrant (red, white, green) in suburbia
The house in the black and white photo is between trees.
An empty sidewalk with yellow guides on the ground for visually impaired people.
A fire hydrant between two red poles sits next to a wall.
A faded and rusty fire hydrant in grass next to the street.
A car next to a bus on a city street
A white fire hydraunt sits next to a street.
a close up of a red fire hydrant on a city street
A woman runs her hand through her hair while sitting on grass next to a fire hydrant.
A black horse stands next to a parked carriage.
A picture of a street with a gas station on the sides and cars coming towards the camera.
Old fire hydrant partially surrounded by cement retaining wall
People walking and riding bicycles down a street.
a tall skinny red fire hydrant next to a building
A man grasping a coffee cup on a snowy street
A water spout that looks like a fire hydrant
A yellow fire hydrant in a city area.  
A pipe sticking out of the ground spilling water on the roadside. 
A tree with colorful fall leaves on it.
A black fire hydrant with a utility cone next to it.
A fire hydrant in the middle of the grassy field.
A pizza restaurant is on the corner of a busy intersection.
A horse drawn carriage coming down a city street
A fire hydrant next to a bush, both covered in snow.
This is a yellow fire hydrant that is located in a park.
A fire hydrant standing between to yellow guard rails. 
A row of red fire hydrants sitting in the middle of green bushes.
An old painted fire hydrant is laying in the street.
A pink faded fire hydrant with dirty water coming out of it.
A man stands besides his bike on a snowy day.
A very nice looking police motorcycle by a white hydrant.
a traffic light above a street near a building 
A red hydrant in the white snow in front of a factory
People walking down the street carrying umbrellas in front of a bus.
The fire hydrant is shooting water into the street.
a person on top of a fire hydrant on a city street
a road with so many road signs 
A fire hydrant by a cone on the street.
A couple with two small children are entering a business.
A fire hydrant with a cloth wrapped around it is spraying water.
Two old school fire hydrants along a sidewalk.
A white fire hydrant on the side of a road.
A hydrant, U.S flag on top of a building and a fire truck.
We are looking up the street at an old church.
Bright yellow and red fire hydrant in green yard.
A view of a street during the night time.
An artist puts a butterfly display over a fire hydrant
A RED OR PINK FIRE HYDRANT SITTING ON A BRICK SIDEWALK
An officer is sitting still on a horse.
a boy crouches as a car drives through a giant puddle of water and sends up a giant splash of water
A woman walking down a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
A street with parked cars along curb of one side, one of which is a police car near a fire hydrant.
A red painted water pipe on a snow covered sidewalk curb in front of a blue wall.
Two women in street on cellphones next to windows.
A white and red fire hydrant on a yard next to an old tree. 
A fire hydrant on the side of the road with a glass human head on top. 
A gloomy sky is in the background of a yellow fire hydrant.
A lone red fire hydrant in the grass
A yellow fire hydrant douses a passing car with water.
A yellow fire hydrant next to a tree on a bricked sidewalk.
A house with a picket white fence some flowers and a yellow fire hydrant.
A beat-up bike and a fire hydrant appear against dirty snow.
A bench and street sign are in front of a building.
A man wearing glasses can been seen on a skateboard.
Several large buildings in a downtown type area
a person jumping a skateboard in the air
A uniformed man painting a fire hydrant red.
a street with cars that ends with something white at the end 
A street corner facing a city street with cars driving down it.
A fire hydrants sits in a run down area of a town
A baby bib hangs on a yellow fire hydrant. 
A man sitting on a fire hydrant by a large dirt pile.
pedestrians walking on a large sidewalk in a city
A red and green fire hydrant by a large tree.
A silver fire hydrant on a city street.
The rusted fire hydrant is covered with a bee hive. 
A view of a side street with signs and a fire hydrant.
A woman is walking down a narrow street 
A night scene showing people around bright search lights.
A fire hydrant stand next to a dilapidated shack. 
A close up of a stop sign in a city.
a fire hydrant hidden in some bushes 
Orange fire hydrant on red bricked sidewalk next to road.
a photo of a fire hydrant on a sidewalk next to a road
A vandalized stop sign in a residential area.
A street corner with a large building on it. 
A young woman walking down the street while talking on her cell phone
A red building on the side of the street. 
A fire hydrant sitting on the side of the road. 
Outdoors, assorted steel pipes lie in crates and wooden pallets.
Am an sitting in the gutter in the middle of a downpour.
A fire hydrant mostly encased by a wooden deck
A red fire hydrant next to yellow poles.
a red and white fire hydrogen that is by a curb
A large stylized red fire hydrant on a sidewalk.
a car parked by a building with blue window and door frames
A fire hydrant that is sitting in the grass.
A JCPenney store sitting next to a yellow fire hydrant.
There are many cars driving along the road at night.
A fire hydrant is being watched by a local policeman
Adult male jumping up in the air while holding an umbrella.
Multi colored fire hydrants are displayed in the gravel.
A faded red fire hydrant on a sidewalk near a building.
The handles of a bike can be seen in front of a speeding sign.
a red and greed fir hydrant with a tool on top of it.
A view of a fire hydrant in front of a white house.
A pink teddy bear sitting under a black and silver fire hydrant.
a painted green fire hydrant along a street
A fire hydrant is out in the grass
Two young girls are posing with a fire hydrant that is spewing water. 
A red fire hydrant with a motor scooter in the background.
A night scene of a fire hydrant on a grassy slope in front of a building.
A telephone pole and stop sign stand at an intersection.
A yellow fire hydrant sitting next to a piece of a red fire hydrant.
An old fashioned neon sign advertises a local ice cream parlor.
An old fire hydrant next to a modern one. 
a number of people near a fire hydrant
There is a silver fire hydrant with chains. 
a group of firefighters standing around a fire hydrant 
A black cat is sitting near a bench along the path
A red fire hydrant wrapped in a red chain on a sidewalk.
A white and orange fire hydrant on the gray cement hard top.
A photo of a fire hydrant showing how to open it.
A dog tied to a fire hydrant at night.
Lone fire hydrant in foreground of official building.
A four way stop sign written in two languages.
A shaggy dog near a fire hydrant in the deep snow in a clearing.
A lady riding a bike with a dog in the front basket.
A fire hydrant on a sidewalk that has a hose attached to it.
A signal point on a road with very light traffic.
an empty bench next to a busy street.
a telephone pole with a sign stuck on it 
A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A yellow fire hydrant sitting at the top of a green hill.
a red fire hydrant with a sign saying do not drink attached to it
a person in an orange vest walking across a paved street.
A SMALL TOY HORSE ON THE SIDE WALK
A white fire hydrant at dusk sitting on a street corner.
A stop sign that is in the middle of a rural area.
A blue fire hydrant sitting in the corner of a cage.
A yellow and blue fire hydrant is on the street.
A fire hydrant with an "OUT OF SERVICE" sign sits in front of a house.
A red bike parked next to a yellow fire hydrant.
The police car is parked next to the curb.
A red fire hydrant in the middle of a grassy field
A street sweeper refilling his truck with water.
Steam is rising out of a street manhole. 
A bunch of kids are playing in the water coming out of a fire hydrant. 
a close up view of an old yellow fire hydrant.
A street with a few signs and a blue fire hydrant. 
a little dog standing by a tall green pole 
A worn fire hydrant in a field of weeds.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
A woman pushing a wheeled cart across the street.
Two bicycles parked next to a fire hydrant on a city sidewalk
A mailbox covered in graphitti next to a fire hydrant.
A man walks down the side of snow lined street.
a red fire hydrant on top of a cement block
A fire hydrant that is sitting in the snow.
A boy rides a toy scooter towards a fire hydrant.
A cat sitting on the back of wagon next to a hydrant
A red fire hydrant in front of a small shop.
Writings and sayings in sidewalk chalk surround a small fire hydrant.
Teens playing game wit rackets in urban street setting.
A red and yellow fire hydrant with the lid taken off.
Night time scene of pathway in snowy area.
A fire hydrant sits on the ground in front of a theater.
Two people stand nearby and watch a boy skateboard across a ramp
A close shot of an orange fire hydrant. 
partially snow covered fire hydrant on side walk
Green fire hydrant sitting on grass on a city street. 
A guy sits on top of a post while talking on the phone.
One way stop sign in the middle of a snowed in road.
A picture of cars on a street during a fall day. 
A fire hydrant with a fire hose connected to it.
A young man sits on a street barrier with his foot on a fire hydrant.
black and white scene with fire hydrant and large homes
A metal can sits upon a metal pipe containing a spout.
Closeup of a fire hydrant next to a curb.
A red fire hydrant is on a curb near people standing.
Open red fire hydrant spilling water on roadway.
A red fire hydrant stands by a gray brick wall.
A fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
limo driver in a black suit standing outside of a limo
A stop light hanging over an intersection in a residential area.
A photo of a yellow and green fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant on a city street under a street sign.
A gray vehicle parked next to an orange traffic cone.
A woman wearing a trench coat holds an umbrella and crosses her legs. 
A group of people on trolley being drawn by horses.
A blue and red fire hydrant stands in a brick city square in the rain.
Two flags blowing in the wind in the grass area of a parking lot. 
A red busted fire hydrant spewing water out onto a street.
A street corner with a yellow fire hydrant and an electrical box.
A colorful photo behind a grill on a building
A red water pump outside of a red building.
A quiet city street with overhead traffic lights.
An industrial-designs fire hydrant is silver and black, and has a number 8 painted on the bottom.
Acorss the street there are bags in front of a house
The hose is attached to the side of a fire hydrant. 
A city street that has two parked cars on the side of the street and a person skateboarding on the sidewalk.
Many cars are parked on the busy street.
An odd shaped fire hydrant sits on the paved street.
A street scene with a woman holding a pink umbrella.
a woman is outside and holding an umbrella
A red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.
A black fire hydrant with a white top next to a cut log
There are cars crossing the empty intersection 
A small enclosure built around a red fire hydrant.
A red and white fire hydrant at the corner of a street.
Some red lights hanging at a quiet intersection
A young boy with his hand on a fire hydrant.
The yellow fire hydrant is in a field of short grass.
Little white dog tied to a fire hydrant on a brick sidewalk.
a small red fire hydrant in the yard
A yellow fire hydrant on a corner surrounded by leaves.
A car is illegally parked near a fire hydrant.
A picture of a bicycle on the side of the house.
Sunset at the end of a city street on which there is a fire hydrant
The little boy wearing rubber boots is checking out the red fire hydrant. 
A woman is painting a fire hydrant by the street
A red fire hydrant in a woodland setting.
A white police car parked right by a fire hydrant.
Girl in knit hat sitting on curb near red fire hydrant and black iron fence in front of advertisement for apartments on the brick wall of a building and next to a package of flowers and black bag.
A fire hydrant attached to a wooden box.
Several men walking by a bus parked on a street.
a person jumping over a curb at a corner in front of a liquor store
A yellow fire hydrant at the corner of a crosswalk
A woman holding a phone up to her hear.
A group of cars of various colors parked near a red fire hydrant.
A deserted street is full of cars, but no people.
A man and woman walking along side the street
Man walking on a sidewalk that is sloping downhill approaching the corner.
a man and a women that are next to a fire hryden
a red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a snow covered field.
A city street in the suburbs of a city 
A fire hydrant is in the middle of a grassy field.
A red fire hydrant and a man by a building.
A toy Ford truck next to a fire hydrant.
a police car parked near a fire hydrant
A car driving down a open city street.
an old fire hydrant surrounded by green leaves
People walking and cars driving on a street by stores.
A traffic light sitting on the side of a street.
two bicycle riders in yellow shirts cars and a bus
A boy is about to catch a frisbee.
a fire hydrant in front of people gathered near a building
A telephone booth next to a yellow fire hydrant.
a green and white fire hydrant standing inbetween two roads 
Construction is being done on a street near businesses.
Snow is on top of a red fire hydrant.
A fed fire hydrant near a body of water.
A group of people standing on a snow covered street corner.
A street scene with cars and a traffic light.
A town street corner near a grocery store.
a red fire hydrant and a small dog out on the sidewalk
A stop sign at an intersection in a residential neighborhood.
many people on a busy rainy street with their umbrellas
A van at an intersection with a building behind it.
Many signs are posted on the chain link fence behind a fire hydrant.
a close up of a fie hydrant with a building in the background
Two cows behind a fence with a red fire hydrant in front of the fence.
A white van gets wet from a nearby fire hydrant.
A knocked over stop sign near a asphalt road.
a close up of a fire hydrant near a potted plant 
A fire hydrant on a sidewalk with a balloon tied to it 
A busted fire hydrant flooding a street near houses.
A children at play sign in front of a flooded street.
There is a orange flag attached to the fire extinguisher. 
There are many chair setting out in front of the building.
A large, red statue in the middle of a busy sidewalk that is near stores.
The yellow fire hydrant has graffiti on it.
A grey and teal car sit parked at the curb near a house.
Service truck parked beside line of tracker trailers under cover. 
Traffic intersection at night with a foreclosure sign near a hydrant on the side of the road.
a white fire hydrant a sidewalk and a building
A median strip in the middle of a city street.
A group of fire fighters walking on top of a parking lot.
Line of different designs and colors of fire hydrants. 
A lions head and word on a brick wall
a yellow fire hydrant is in a field
A blue door next to a tiled wall and a white pole with a chain hanging from it. 
a fire hydrant on a side walk near a city street 
A woman with a large black bag standing and showing something to another woman who is seated on a street bench.
a red fire hydrant in a field near trees
a black pole is sticking out of the ground
A fire hydrant that is on the side of a road.
A field filled with American flags next to a fire hydrant.
Silver car parked on the side of the street.
Cars and pedestrians on a city street next to an apartment building.
A sidewalk is lined with street signs and a fire hydrant
A fire hydrant and fire hose in a house's front yard.
A red fire hydrant next to another red meter in grassy area.
A rear view mirror that shows a dog sitting in the backseat.
A person crossing at a crosswalk with bags in his hands.
A piece of metal is wrapped around a nicely painted fire hydrant.
A woman wearing a cowboy hat stands on the street.
A red fire hydrant that is sitting in front of a building.
A vintage photo of a fire hydrant on a busy sidewalk.
The fire hydrant was on the sidewalk between two barrier posts.
A sign that is in the middle of the street.
Bright red hydrant sitting outside a wall on a dark, desolate street.
Woman holds an umbrella over her head on a city street. 
A silver fire hydrant sits on concrete near the roadway.
An empty town street is lit at night by streetlights.
A quiet street corner has a building and a road sign.
The fire hydrant is next to a telephone pole on the sidewalk.
A red fire hydrant in the middle of an overgrown field.
Children play in the water coming from the fire hydrant.
A chunk of frozen water issuing from a fire hydrant
A bright red fire hydrant sits at the ride of the road.
a person sitting on a ground with a guitar
A fireman near a fire truck outside and near a fire-hydrant.
A stylized photo of vehicles traveling on a street.
there is a security guard leaning on a fire hydrant
A hole dug around a fire hydrant in a construction area
A stop sign on a street corner with graffiti on it.
a street sign on the sidewalk with cars in the background
a red fire hydrant near a street next to a light pole
A stop sign and fire hydrant sit on a street corner.
A man is standing next to a yellow fire hydrant.
A yellow and red fire hydrant on a street curb.
A yellow fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.
Young women having fun with street signal at roadway intersection.
A car at an intersection with traffic lights blowing in the wind.
A sign sitting on the side of a road advertising a candy shop.
A yellow fire hydrant sits on the sidewalk. 
A very cute looking yellow fire hydrant on the curb.
A yellow fire hydrant covered in purple paint.
Two people are sitting on a bench that looks down on the valley.
A yellow fire hydrant is in front of a large cityscape. 
a street some light poles a blue bridge and a gray white and orange pole
Fire hydrant next to a well groomed sidewalk in a residential neighborhood.
a bunch of purple flowers are in a field
a fire hydrant sits next to some pine trees
A tall red brick building sitting next to a street.
The large building has trees all around it. 
A black and yellow fire hydrant sitting in front of a garage.
A green fire hydrant on a sidewalk next to a street.
snow surrounding a fire hydrant  and a car parked close
A sofa that is near a fire hydrant on a sidewalk. 
Five teenage boys are skateboarding in a skate park
two big white dogs tied to a pole next to a cycle
A dirty red fire hydrant sitting in a dark room
A fire hydrant standing in the middle of a field.
This is an aerial view of West 34th Street.
A close up of a fire hydrant painter red, white and blue with stars.
a red fire hydrant with the number eighty five showing
A fire hydrant is next to a post in the middle of a yard.
a big red fire hyrodgon that is on some concrete
a yellow fire hydrant and a person in a brown jacket 
A yellow fire extinguisher out in nature on a nice day.
A young child that is sitting on a fire hydrant.
A classic motorcycle in a parking space along the street.
A hose is attached to a fire hydrant and a fire truck.
A fire hydrant sitting beside a table and chair. 
A fire hydrant sitting in a grassy area beside two stones.
Two large dogs looking over the back of a pick up truck.
A traffic light with a street and cars in background.
an ocean a white fence and a black thing on some rocks
A yellow fire hydrant near the curb of a street.
A fire hydrant that is standing on a sidewalk.
An old hydrant shoots water into the street.
A Utility Pole Worker standing inside of the boom of a bucket truck.
A silver fire hydrant sitting next to a sidewalk.
Two fire men standing on the sidewalk working with a fire hydrant.
A tall white building sitting on the corner of the street.
AN OLD WHITE HOUSE IS SITTING ALONE IN THE COUNTRY
small white dog by green post on brick sidewalk
A fire hydrant sitting on the grass near the road.
A fire hydrant and a truck on a city street.
A couple crossing the street in the daytime. 
Car buried in snow next to what might be a gas pump.
Kids playing in the street with a fire hydrant spraying water.
A fire hydrant in a patch of grass near a sidewalk.
A pink sweat shirt hanging over a green fire hydrant. 
Red fire hydrant in a grassy field with a dog far away,
Black and white fire hydrant sitting in front of a fire department. 
Commercial train in motion moving through green hillside in rural area
A man is sleeping on the street near a hydrant.
Yellow fire hydrant near a young tree on a sunny day.
A yellow fire hydrant is covered by purple flowers.
A young man stands in front of the fire hydrant with his arms stretched wide, in front of a car that is parked by the sidewalk in front of the lawn.
A cyclist rides beside a bus on a busy street.
A fire hydrant painted to look like a person.
A red fire hydrant surrounded by yellow flowers and grass. 
A red fire hydrant is prominent in this picture.
A yellow scooter is chained to a pole next to a yellow fire hydrant.
An outdoor image of a fence at a dog park with a fire hydrant
A dark city street is lit up with colored lights.
A statue is shown on the side of a wall.
Partially flooded roadway with a fire hydrant on a sunny day.
The huge building has spires that are under construction. 
a yellow fire hydrant near many bushes 
A person sitting in the back of a parked pick up 
A fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.
A yellow fire hydrant sitting in a plant with a green top.
A fire hydrant is standing by a city street.
A red valve attached to a silver pipe.
A flock of pigeons fly by a skateboarder in front of a building. 
A red fire hydrant in front of a large rock.
A man rides his bike on a deserted street.
A hose connected to a fire hydrant near a fire truck. 
some people trees buildings and signs and a street light
a covered motor cycle next to a green and white fire hydrant
A fire hydrant between two trees by a bubbling river
The blue and white fire hydrant is on the corner.
A yellow fire hydrant on the side of a street
A hose sitting next to a fire hydrant on the street.
a large truck on a city road with a building in the backgroound
An old fire hydrant is painted red, white and blue.
An older man in a wheelchair is sitting on a sidewalk.
Some children run after an unseen object in a fenced-in field.
a red post sits in front of a metal bridge
a window next to a wall and red fire hydrant. 
A fire hydrant with a yellow top, blue with white stars in the middle and red and white at the base.
a fire hydrant made in a circular concrete casing
Fire hydrant in red, white, and blue in black and white photo with toddler
A traffic circle contains flowers, small trees and a clock.
A couple walking across a street next to taller buildings.
The fire fighters are having some kind of party.
A view of a city street, during the day.
The shadow of a building being reflected onto another building.
A seafood market with people outside walking near the entrance
A man is bent over a yellow fire hydrant.
this is the aftermath of a fire outside
A picture of a fire hydrant on the side of the road.
Two women walking a dog as another woman stands by looking the other way.
A small child is using two shovels to clear snow from a sidewalk.
A person with an umbrella walking in the rain
a person sitting on a pipe next to a building
Cars are parked in the lot of a gas station.
A little girl that is standing in the grass near a hydrant.
A man walking on a city street holding an open umbrella on a rainy day 
Person reaching up a telephone pole by a fire hydrant.
A still scene allows a woman to put flowers next to an unused fire hydrant
a red fire hydrant some yellow flowers and a brown wall
A man posing against a light post on a street
A traffic light suspended over a street next to a building.
A woman on the street poses with two horses. 
A fire hydrant next to a building on the sidewalk.
The fire hydrant is caped and red. 
A speed limit sign on the side of a neighborhood street
A chrome finish fire hydrant on a sidewalk.
THERE IS AN IAMGE OF A CITY CARS PARKED
A city street filed with traffic and traffic lights.
A red fire hydrant sits beside a pole near a street corner.
A red fire hydrant in the crushed stone near two bushes.
A red fire hydrant at night during a cold day. 
A police car and a fire truck are at the scene of a possible fire.
A black and white fire hydrant with a red foam clown nose on top.
A fire hose from a fire truck attach to a hydrant on a wet street. 
a blue bicycle chained to a silver and orange railing
The fire hydrant is painted green, white and red.
A girl standing on a strip of grass next to a fire hydrant.
A kid playing with a water jet contraption at a park.
A red hydrant in a village square with various buildings.
A parking sign and a fire hydrant. 
A door next to a fire hydrant near a curb. 
a big red bus that is parked next to a building
A city street at night is lit up with neon lights. 
Computer generated photograph of cars and buses on a road
A water pump has been attached to a fire hydrant
A fire hydrant sits on a sidewalk near a red curb and a person with black pants walks nearby.
Fire Hydrant on the corner of a city street
A van is parked on the street near a crooked fire hydrant.
A street sign is standing on the corner of the street.
A bicycle parked next to a colorful fire hydrant
a bunch of snow piled around a bright fire hydrant 
A fire hydrant is next to a no dogs sign.
A yellow fire hydrant next to a street corner. 
A fire hydrant is situated at the bottom of a grassy hill. 
A water hydrant and a lady carrying plastic bags
A man turns on a fire hydrant near a rocky hill.
A close up of a blue fire hydrant in the grass.
A furry black dog licks is lips in the snow next to a yellow fire hydrant. 
A water hydrant in the corner of a field.
A green and yellow fire hydrant sitting on a road.
Car parked beside some type of business just off the street
Five surf boards laying on a lawn near a sidewalk.
A truck that has some graffiti on it.
A person laying face down and balancing himself on four yellow poles and a fire hydrant.
A fire hydrant with a vine on it in the shade
Dog looking at a fire hydrant submerged in snow
Several kids play in a pile of leaves.
some little flowers sitting next to a colorful fire hyrdrants 
A fire hydrant with graffiti, on a city street.
a red and white fire hydrant outside of a store
A man is standing on a street corner in front of graffiti.
A person walking on sidewalk next to shop displaying mannequins.
People strolling along the street of a city during the evening.

A picture of a green and white fire hydrant on the corner.
A red and white fire hydrant sits next to a sidewalk on a residential street.
Bright yellow fire plug near a guardrail. 
A very close up view of a dark colored hydrant with two nozzles.
A woman walking with a backpack and headphones
Some images of some very pretty fire hydrants.
a person is riding a motorcycle and a few parked cars
an image of a woman walking down the street 
a business with a few trees and a stop sign out front.
An exit from a paid parking lot, across from a stop sign.
Traffic signs against a residential building make art
A tall building is topped with a billboard and beside a smaller market place.
a table with a bunch of scissors on it 
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.
A car driving through a tunnel between two buildings.
a stop sign with some arabic writing on the bottom of it 
The street sign above the stop sign indicates this picture was taken at the corner of Brooklyn & Athol.
A stop sign on a busy street corner
the back side of a stop sign that has graffiti stickers on it
A girl in a parking lot holding a racket.
A pole with a clock that reads 6:10 by a white car. 
The street signs are visible for all of us to see. 
A stop sign below a traffic light in front of a tall building.
A train rides down the track down a small street.
An intersection seen from above with a one way and stop sign at the corner.
A man in white and blue shirt grinding on a skateboard.
Fire hydrant in the middle of an unmoved field, next to streets.
A stop sign next to a one way, steet sign and no parking sign.
The elephant is feeding the man a carrot.
A group of people by a stop sign on a road.
there is a stop sign on the corner of this road
A stop sign is attached to a barrier in the desert.
A stop sign is near a row of parked cars.
A stop sign with the word Harper below it with a No Parking sign on it also.
a stop sign sitting under Jekyll and Hyde street 
Pedestrians walk down a street next to tall buildings. 
A stop sign sitting near some tall trees.
Blue and yellow with white top bus parked in front of the building. 
A yellow school bus driving down a street next to a red trucks.
Sign on a wall saying "Don't Stop Drinking".
An artistic stop sign image with a double vision element.
A traffic sign on top of a lush green park with trees.
A city bus pulling away from a stop sign.
There are some signs in arabic on the street corner.
A BUS STANDING AT A TRAFFIC SIGNAL IN A STREET.
some people are crossing a street with umbrellas
a red and white stop sign and a few other signs
A Stop Sign and Do Not Block Driveway sign bolted to a chain link fence.
A long bus is parked on the street next to another bus.
A one way street sign on top of a pole next to a traffic light.
an image of a fire hydrant that is on the street
A stop sign is shown as the sun beams light over a building.
A stop sign with the word war written beneath stop. 
A long zebra is walking along the short grass.
A stop sign sits in front of a power pole at a four-way stop.
A large building with rotunda overlooking a street.
The orange sign shows where a gas station is and the other sign is a one way road.
A stop sign by a body of water with people in it.
a person holding a stop sign with a young child near by
A cyclist happily poses for a picture while sitting on his bike.
The parked cars are out of focus behind the stop sign.
Several signs with a big white house behind them.
An alluminated Stop Sign sits by a busy crossing area.
An upside down stop sign in a residential area.
The corner is marked with a motel sign.
A woman and a child standing next to each other.
A red stop sign sitting above a three way sign.
the man is looking across the street, while the yellow pipes run bellow him. 
A person driving a horse drawn carriage down a street.
A parking meter on the side of the road.
A man walking past a stop sign on the street.
Street signs outside across the street from a lot of wind mills. 
A man sitting on chair holding a protest sign 
A car coming around a corner near a red stop sign 
Many stop signs sit on the road tipped over. 
a stop sign that has some signs on top
Multiple stop and only signs along a street. 
A man earing food from a wrapper while standing next to people.
Odd stop sign in front of a caged field.
A group of people that are standing around a stop sign.
The stop sign is covered with several kinds of graffiti.
An overpass of a highway, with a train crossing below.
A stop sign sits on a dirt corner near an asphalt road.
A green light is going and a walk signal has just expired
A person is riding a bike behind a car.
The stop sign is located in an industrial area.
A street sign at an intersection on a calm street.
A stop sign stands amidst many urban buildings.
A street sign with graffiti in an empty alley.
A man crossing a busy intersection near train tracks. 
An old black and white stove sits on a grass area near a sidewalk.
A stop sign across the street from a yoga studio.
Two people are shown holding a stop sign.
a confusing set of signs one says stop and the other no stop
A big red stop sign hanging over a street.
A vandalized stop sign stands before a a busy street.
A green street sign and a no biking sign on a pole with a stop sign.
A lot about bicycles that our in the streets.
A subway train passing by a platform with a bench
The two vehicles are stopped at the stop sign.
A post that says stop and has a light on it.
A stop sign that has some tagging on it.
Bright STOP sign sitting at a city intersection. 
A stop sign on a the corner of a country road
A stop sign on the corner of a cobblestone street
A street stop sign attached to a pole in an intersection.
A stop sign has a solar panel on the top of it. 
A stop sign at an intersection with street name signs on top.
Some people and some cars on a city street.
A stop sign is next to a highway near a dessert.
The back of a stop sign on a city street
A vandalized no parking sign next to a stop sign.
There is a snow covered street that is crowded with cars.
A train moves down the railroad tracks at sunset.
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a wet sidewalk.
A house that is sitting next to trees.
A leaning street sign that has stickers all over it.
A man holding a stop sign pole in his mouth as other watch.
A street sign with a car and two bicycles heading for a crash is shown.
There is a red and one graffiti'd stop sign.
A lone Volkswagen is parked by a stop sign.
Scrub trees at a sandy railway crossing overlook urban skyscrapers.
A large number of signs, with Chinese lettering, attached to buildings along a street.
A bus stops at a bus stop to with passengers waiting. 
A couple of road signs with a white work truck.
a bus sits stopped with a sign on the side of it 
A couple of state police cruisers parked next to each other.
A two-tiered bus on the side of a street.
a stop sign and no right run sign in a big city.
Sheep waking along a road near stone houses
A cat lounges on its back on a sofa.
A large group of birds are standing in the parking lot in empty spaces near cars.
The street signs are written in a language we can not understand. 
A colorful cluster of street lights shine at night.
A sign advertising Chinese dim sum style lunch and dinner.
A road with various street signs, including a stop sign. 
Young man on a skateboard near a street.
A red stop sign that reads " Hammer Time ! " underneath stop.
A man working on the pavement in front of a famous building.
A young boy riding a skate board on the top edge of a skate park.
A stop sign under a one way sign and street signs has graffiti on it.
A green truck pulling a tractor on a trailer.
A mom helps a school girl cross the street.
A stop sign on the corner of an empty street.
A man is putting change in to the parking meter
some street signs sitting by a tree 
3 bicycles stand on the sidewalk outside a restaurant.
A stop sign, a kosher butcher sign, and a Rite Aid sign
A man and woman crossing the street at the crosswalk
Stop sign at the intersection of two rather rural roads
A street intersection taken from in side a car.
A car blocking a city street parked horizontally.
A woman walking a cow down the street. 
A vandalized stop sign with some stickers on it.
A Pico Bl street sign tilting to the left.
A stop sign sticks out from a hedge on a street.
A row of yellow color buses are standing on the roadside. 
A stop sign with English and Chinese writing under an elevated road.
A sidewalk on a corner with a stop sign and a street sign.
A stop sign pushed over and bent in the grass.
Cross-street signs with rust stains stand on top of another sign.
a sign showing stop on the road side
A low to the ground stop sign on the corner of a suburban street
A hand holding a paper with a printed message.
A bot standing near a traffic sign looking up at it. 
A yellow detour sign sitting on the side of a road.
A stop sign in the middle of a desert with mountains in the background.
A highway sign and a stop sign are on the street beside houses.
The city is reflected in the silver of the box.
A large building with a fire hydrant by the street.
A stop sign with street marker at the top at an intersection.
A stop sign on corner of a street with a building in the back ground.
A very pretty scene with a stop sign in the snow.
a big stop sign sitting on a pole 
A snowy day at a intersection with all red lights. 
Several traffic signs on a pole on a city street.
It is a very sunny day, you can barely see anything because of the glare
A man with black glasses stands in front of a stop sign.
two tour buses traveling underneath a bridge walkway
These cars are parked near a fence and a stop sign.
A street is taped off while a tow truck and a bus sit at different angles past the tape.
A stop sign with Hammertime spray painted under Stop.
A stop sign in grassy area with car passing by.
Stop sign at the corner of Virginia Street.
A stop sign that has graffiti written on it.
A stop sign and street sign encased in a wall of snow.
A stop sign, a vendors sign and trees.
A street sign with a building in the background.
Small road marked by a stop sign and do not enter sign.
a close up of a stop sign with snow on it
A stop sign on a  country road is made to say something else. 
The woman in winter clothing is smiling underneath a stop sign. 
A stop sign with the word "war" written below it. 
A girl holding out a tennis racquet in a parking lot.
Large crowd moving together down a city street. 
A woman in a multicolor umbrella by the street
A gray economy car is parked in a lot by a highway overpass. 
a stop sign with a divided highway sign underneath
The stop sign at the corner of Bute and Butetourt streets
a stop sign next to a building post
A stop sign is covered with tagging and graffiti.
The motorcycles are parked on the side of the road.
A stop sign with a beaver saying do not pick the blossoms by a trash can.
a stop sign cars trees and some buildings
A side walk and street outside a shop with a glass window.
Signs and light fixture on outside of a building.
A kite that is shaped like a teddy bear.
There is a van driving on a road near a mountain.
A stop sign stands on a corner across the street from several buildings.
Looking past street signs to pedestrians on a sunny city street
A number of street signs on some poles
A small girl with a baby on the bed and the girl is holding a two dollar bill  
The back of a stop sign with a few stickers and graffiti is seen.
A stop sign outside of a brick building.
Two skateboarders on their skate boards at a skateboarding event. 
People on scooters ride down a street near a stop sign. 
And empty intersection with several cars parked along the street.
A man holding a new sign under a stop sign.
A construction worker holding a stop sign next to a car.
The side of a mans face with a stop sign in the background. 
A repair truck is parked on the side of a grassy shoulder.
Three men in old military clothing sit in a field.
a stop sign at dusk or dawn in a small town.
Some motorcycle riders are biking through a festival
Several people walking on a open city street.
A stop sign with two street signs sitting above it.
A four way stop sign has a street sign on top.
Two white and green street signs next to a building with umbrellas.
A stop sign in a foreign language with the letters "ALTO" on it.
The stop sign is tilted in front of a wooden fence.
Signs in front of a building promote gender awareness. 
A car driving on a street between a building and a sidewalk where people are walking and jogging.
there is a bus that is stopped in front of a castle
A red fire hydrant is on the grass by a pole.
There are some road signs beside the house.
A stop sign laying on the sidewalk next to a street.
A stop sign on a pole by a street corner.
A red stop sign during a snowy weather situation
a man is carrying a briefcase and pulling a suitcase
A red and white street sign on the side of the road. 
View of a traffic light and a stop sign at an intersection.
A red stop under two green street signs.
there are many cars that are passing threw the traffic toll
A row of red stop signs sitting next to a  lush green field.
Several stop signs that say you are going the wrong way.
A clock pole next to people sitting at a table.
A busy city street filled with people and cars
A large building with a clock on the top.
A stop sign that has some graffiti on it.
A stop sign has been altered with an alternative word 
An old church clock tower set against a blue sky.
Street signs for Richmond St. and Prince St. posted on top of stop sign.
A couple is eating doughnuts at a doughnut stand.
A man riding a bike down a street next to a red stop sign.
A red stop sign hanging off the side of a building.
The motorcycle is parked near trees on the side of the street. 
The cars has stopped at the red stop sign
A bicycle sits next to some benches near the street. 
a little kid is sitting on a skateboard outside
A man and three women standing in front of a stop sign.
An intersection in a downtown area of the city
A car stopped at a stop sign at an intersection.
A stop sign next to a building at a street corner.
A stop sign and a large bus on a street.
A stop sign and blue and white street sign that reads "cock st."
A stop sign with a funny addition spray painted on it.
a stop sign on a city street covered in snow
A white, double seated motorcycle is Parked by the curb
White crane walking on a grassy roadway boulevard.
Picture of a traffic light with a green smiley light showing.
The child's bedroom is clean and ready to be played in. 
A red sign is at the corner of the street on the sidewalk.
A bunch of small cute birds in a lot.
A stop sign near a stone wall on a street.
A red fire hydrant in landscaping under a tree.
A DOUBLE DECKER BUS IS DRIVING THROUGH THE APPLE PARKING LOT
a red and white stop sign and a white fence
A long train traveling along tracks near small houses.
A stop sign on a road by fields of corn.
A stop sign that has a poster on it that says "dance".
a street with a grass are in the middle of it 
A stop sign warns that if you do not stop you could collide with cars and bikes.
A stop sign behind some tall grass on a cloudy day.
a wedding sign attached to a stop sign
Group of people carrying belongings on the street
Blue couch being pulled by a small bicycle by the street. 
A stop sign and a no stopping sign are on a street corner.
A stop sign has fallen over on the sidewalk.
A STOP sign on the side of the road by buildings. 
two red and white signs on a post and a building and street
A foreign stop deign and other street signs. 
a stop sign with some stickers on it 
Various traffic signs displayed with a rural background
A van drives down the road in speed and style 
a stop sign standing on the corner of a street 
a stop sign on a road with trees behind.
a man standing down the road holding a sign
Street signs at an intersection in front of some trees.
A street with cars and a fire hydrant during sunset.
A stop sign and fire hydrant at an empty intersection.
A stop sign with a humorous sticker is seen.
This grey, four door luxury sedan is parked blocking a fire hydrant in violation of the law.
A city with stop sign and buildings and trees and houses.
a building with some street signs and bars on the windows 
A view of a corner street, with a stop sign, street names, and one way sign.
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.
There is a blue stop sign in front of a street and a parking lot in the background.
A red sign in a cemetery beside a forest.
Vandalized Stop sign with a sticker reminding people to STOP [EATING ANIMALS].
This truck has two yellow ribbons and says Freedom isn 't Free.
A street sign showing the words Gay Street.
A fire hydrant and a sign in front of a house.
Several buses and automobiles driving towards tall buildings. 
a red black and white sign some people and buildings
A stop sign posted on a wooden post
a large truck going down a street with garbage cans on the side
A bunch of road signs are piled up outside of a wooden shed.
A stop sign on the corner of a street intersection.
A man is sitting on a bench by a stop sign.
there is a vitamin water truck parked on the street
A car sitting next to a red stop sign in the street.
A stop sign with street signs labeling an intersection.
a red and white stop sign a bird some bushes and a hill
Black and white photograph of stop sign and buildings.
a couple of signs are hanging on a pole
a woman is sitting on a bench with a dog
A street with a railing on the side and a stop sign on the street curb.
two people in the back of a uhaul truck
A red stop sign next to a building with a ship in the background. 
A stop sign tilted over on the corner of the street.
The stop sign is beside of all of the trees.
A sign in front of a building says that it is a restricted area.
An all way stop sign is mounted to a pole.
A stop sign with a bunch of other signs attached to the pole.
A picture of buildings and signs in Chinatown.
Autumn leaves radiate a golden glow in afternoon sunlight.
a stop sign some red flowers a building and some trees
A red stop sign with a lot of graffiti .
There is a stop sign that says "This Way Out" below.
A stop sign and street signs stand in the foreground of a line of urban buildings.
A man riding a horse next to a herd of sheep.
a black and white photo of a street in a city
A sign is attached to a wooden pole.
Street sign on post with graffiti near green shrubs.
The stop sign at the corner of South Park and Jack Lo_ streets.
An orange fire-hydrant located near some brick buildings.
A red stop sign sitting on top of a billion dollar fine sign.
A red stop sign has a graffiti sticker attached.
Two green streets signs above an old stop sign.
A stop sign in a different language at a street corner.
A street with houses beside it and a stop sign and light poles. 
A couple of street signs that got wrecked from a car accident. 
 A man with a backpack and suitcase walks off
there is a large red latter on a truck in front of a building
two small boys one on a tricycle and the other with a bat
a stop sign leaning side ways in the ground
A stylish black BMW parked at a city meter
a building top with a sign on it 
A bump sign about to fall over in a suburban town.
a stop sign on the side walk of a street
A view from a car window at an intersection on the street.
People sit on benches near a street and shops.
A motorcycle in a handicapped parking spot in a parking lot with many other vehicles. 
A stop sign next to a light pole. 
A stop sign on a street near a building.
a stop sign a one way sign and a street sign and cars
The stop sign has a red light in the middle of it. 
A stop sign on a street and a fence n the background with a body of water.
This is a parking meter at the edge of a construction zone.
A stop sign with the word Stop Them on it below a one way.
a casually dressed businessman crosses a city street
A white building with a watch tower atop of it.
The shadow of a person across an asphalt street next to a street sign.
A side view mirror that is next to a stop sign.
A close up photo of a stop ahead street sign.
a building with windows facing a street with lots of one way street signs and a stop sign
A vandalized stop sign with black spray paint that reads "you can't stop Obama".
The sign describes the hours of the attraction.
A red stop sign mounted to the side of a wooden pole.
A stop sign on street overgrown with weeds
A red stop sign sitting in the middle of a street.
A large green street sign sitting next to a speed limit sign.
A stop sign with the word driving written on it
a small cluster of signs standing in front of a tall building
A train on tracks passing by a river and a house
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.
A stop sign stands in front of some bare trees.
A sign sitting in the middle of a road.
two children on toy bicycles cross a crosswalk.
The fire hydrant on the sidewalk is painted gold.
A blue stop sign on a pole on a street.
A stop light and stop sign direct drivers in traffic.
A woman is wearing glasses while leaning on a stop sign.
Three rocks are sitting on top of a larger rock under some trees; one rock has a picture of a stop sign on it, one rock has another road sign on it, and one rock has some writing on it.
The man is standing next to the stop sign outside.
Motorcycles and people on a wet city street.
A sign with a picture of a bicycle followed by the words "stop" and "for" alond with red stoplight.
A green car parked by a building with the word Greed visible and a person waling in the rain with an umbrella on the sidewalk.
A cross street has buildings, cars, and street signs.
Front diagonal view from slightly below a STOP sign with perpendicular street signs above it against black background.
A man leaning on a stop sign post.
A city street that is heavily decorated with lights on a rainy night,
A bus drives pass a public parking sign under an overpass.
Two people standing near a stop sign. 
Intersection of a roadway with a stop sign at a cross-walk.
A minivan at a stop sign in front of a broken house.
a blue and white street sign a stop sign and trees
A big bright yellow school bus at night in the dark.
an orange red and green bricked building and some signs
A stop sign casting a shadow of a sign that says war.
Snow on the sidewalk has been cleared. 
A stop sign in a grassy area next to a fence.
a sign for Dale Hardware with statues of men doing construction and landscaping work
The stop sign is posted at an intersection near a mountain. 
Kid running in the front yard with her kite
Some traffic signs in front of a church.
We are looking at a railroad crossing on a rural street.
A large group of young people standing in line and walking along.
The stop sign has blue and white spray paint on it. 
A man walks as he speaks to someone on his phone
A truck is on a street behind orange cones.
An intersection with multiple street signs on a pole. 
a construction worker holding a red and white stop sign
Older hotel on corner of street with old sign
A man holding a stop sign while dressed in construction clothing.
A remote railroad crossing in the winter mountains.
A person on a bike on a street.
Building shown behind a sing that reads "Plank Surface Ahead."
Man sitting on motorcycle riding down a large sized street.
A number of street signs on a sign post at an intersection. 
An airplane with a tanker truck pulled up near.
A white fire hydrant sits on a street corner.
a number of people in a field playing frisbee
There is a stop sign at the intersection of the two roads. 
A group of yellow school buses parked near each other.
People on a sidewalk next to parked school buses.
A two lane road with some cars parked on the side of the street
An intersection with a stop sign and highway signs.
A worn sign that reads "STOP: NO THRU TRAFFIC)
a line of bicyclists on a bicycle ride
an airplane positioned on its nose on a display and a stop sign
Grey car passing through a city center with few people. 
Two people playing tennis in an open field with no net.
A stop sign that has a lot of graffiti on it.
A stop sign has been spray painted by a vandal
A stop sign with a train going by in the background.
A women who is holding some flowers next to a car.
A stop sign on a city corner near patio furniture
A vehicle passing near a sign advertising desserts.
A stop sign and One Way sign at night.
A big red Stop sign in the middle of a big city. 
A man is holding a stop sign in a construction area.
A woman has her foot up on a wooden table
Policemen and firemen responding to an accident on a city street
There is a red stop sign with a shoe under it
A die and game pieces of a popular board game.
Three kids posing with each other next to a stop sign.
a man with a bag on his shoulder holding a sucker in front of a stop sign 
A fenced in area off a sidewalk with posted signs.
A couple of yellow school buses parked next to each other.
A stop sign blocks access to empty docks.
A stop sign and fire hydrant are near a road.
A parking lot filled with yellow school buses. 
The person is taking a picture in the mirror while riding in the car. 
A building that is white on a street corner during the day.
A long yellow school bus is parked on a city street.

There is a stop sign and a street sign for Montezuma Castle Road.
A stop sign standing across the street from a leaf covered lawn.
Bus with doors opened waiting for people to board.
A cityscape of Hong Kong replete with neon signs.
A picture of a bus that is in the streets.
An older man is riding his bike down the road. 
Two street signs that are above a stop sign.
The man is ready to cross the pedestrian bridge.
A bush has grown around a stop sign.
A shuttle bus is driving up the street. 
A lit up stop sign on a street.
There is a truck in a parking lot with bicycles on it.
A woman is walking down the sidewalk carrying two large bags and a man is one the sidewalk dancing.
a work truck is stopped at a stop sign
this is a stop sign with fabric wrapped around it
A stop sign and traffic sign on a pole.
two street signs on a near a tree 
A man is walking with a bag and holding his head down. 
A stop sign near a wall with graffiti on the bottom of stop.
A man relaxes on the couch with his tortoiseshell cat.
two tourist buses parked on street in front of old industrial building
A stop sign on the corner with garbage cans
A red stop sign that is next to a building with lights.
A stop sign next to two street signs on a road.
Crayons are being featured in many different photographs.
The stop sign and the street are covered in snow.
A surfer carries his board with him while he rides his bike
A stop sign is mounted just beneath a street sign marking Bulger Mill Road.
An empty dirt road with a single stop sign.
A TRAFFIC SIGN PLACED IN FRONT OF A SHOP IN A STREET.
A stop sign with some graffiti on it.
A picture of a stop sign in front of some houses.
A stop sign that is a 4-way stop.
A woman is standing by a street sign.
A man riding a bike towards a gate with a stop sign.
a red stop sign that is under some trees
A street has an upside down stop sign on it.
a stop sign and another sign and some buildings at night
a person standing in a road on a sunny day
some people wearing helmets are riding mopeds and some buildings
Two men stand by an Iraq protest sign.
The bus is driving on the city street.
Children playing a game of baseball while parents watch.
A woman and a kid are petting a cow.
A white metal piece of artwork in the city.
A traffic light at a busy intersection is red. 
Going beyond that sign would just be rude.
a stop sign sitting on the side of a road
A red stop sign with a Bush bumper sticker under the word stop.
The street is totally empty of any cars
A country cross road at a stop sign and a rainbow in the background.
A stop sign in front of a neighbourhood.
Three motorcycles are parked in a parking lot.
Two red street signs are located in an older village.
A boy is jumping in order to catch the frisbee.
A red stop sign underneath green street signs.
A fire hydrant in a wooded area with a stop sign posted to a tree. 
one of the many street signs with a picture of a grasshopper on it 
A street sign showing turning directions for specific lanes.
A fallen stop sign on the side of the street.
A man holding a camera in front of a red stop sign.
a road sign showing the direction of the park
The gate to the lot has a stop sign on it. 
A big stop sign next to a building in the city
Two stop signs on separate poles at the same intersection.
A street is empty and the traffic light is red.
A person on a bicycle pointing at something. 
Two one way signs and one stop sign.
A red and whit traffic sign near a tree. 
A person squatting next to a stone wall.
A stop sign and a steel post with a flier glued to it
The pole of the stop sign is covered in vines. 
Three bicycles are parked outside of the bright red "Shack" restaurant. 
A stop sign stands next to an abandoned building.
A stop sign that is on top of a metal pole.
Two street names and one street name on a sidewalk.
a stop sign some cars grass lights and a parking lot
A black jeep parked by the Surf Life sign. 
A grassy area with many street signs and trees in the background.
A stop sign gives directions to travelers on a gray, snowy day.
A stop sign with street name signs above it
A red double decker bus driving through a city
Bike rider navigates a beach side road past a stop sign.
a tree branch and a street sign have clouds behind them
A stop sign stands leaning with a sticker that reads "Homophobia" stuck to it.
A stop sign has some stickers on it.
A stop sign in the grass beside an old farm silo.
A city bus and construction truck stopped by a construction worker.
A sign attached to a light pole on a street.
Diffrent kinds of signs on a pole .
Kites flying over a road with a car driving on it and a couple walking along the side walk.
A school bus makes its way around a turn.
A blue double decker bus driving down a street.
Street signs and a stop sign are all on one post in front of a tan building with white windows.
An open view of a laptop is seen.
A large long bus on a city street.
a stop sign with a street sign above it on a sidewalk.
A person on a bicycle in a bicycle lane.
The back of sign and pole is fully decorated with stickers.
A little girl standing on top of a tiled floor.
Two women stand next to a stop sign with a can of white paint.
A woman is riding a bicycle past a stop sign.
some street signs and a fire hydrant on a city street
A stop sign lit up by a light at night.
an image of a man by a stop sign
There is a stop sign at the intersection of A Street and First Street. 
A street is clear of cars, but the parking lots of the businesses are full.
A red four way stop sign on a post.
A strange place for a Stop sign is on a tree in the middle of a river.
People are riding bicycles and walking across an intersection.
A school bus that has stopped and has its stop sign out.
the stop sign is vibrant red against the black and white trees
a stop sign is hung upside down on the pole
It says don't Stop and then it loses it's meaning.
a number of people riding horses on a city street
A woman standing out side while holding an umbrella.
A street sign above a faded stop sign.
A train near some traffic lights and a road crossing with a barrier 
A very tall clock tower with a roman number clock on each of it's sides.
FERRY BOAT BRIDGE DOWN TURNS STOP SIGNS SIDEWAYS
A sop sign on a street corner near a large crane
A photo taken of a reflection of the stop sign and street names.
a male in a jersey holding a snow board.
The stop sign is next to a big grass covered hill.
a stop sign and street light sitting on a yellow metal pole 
A woman and two teenagers are holding on to a stop sign.
A street with a school bus at the crosswalk.
The traffic signs are ready to be displayed.
A blurry stop sign is shown at night
Two children at a baseball field on about to throw the ball.
A stop sign is posted near a sign on the wall.
Under cloudy skies, a stop sign is beside a fenced field.
A stop sign stands underneath two street signs, directing travelers.
Two men, one holding up a stop sign, stand on a stage in front of a group of children.
the man is holding a stop sign as the truck approaches
a big red stop sign that is hanging off a post
A street stop sign with stickers on it.
Stop sign with sarcastic comment placed underneath it
A stop sign sites on the right of a wet street.
a close up of a street sign with people walking near by
A city bus driving over a bridge under an overpass
A stop sign at a residential street intersection.
People on a sidewalk on a rainy day.
A stop sign placed in front of a concrete wall.
A person with a bag crossing a street.
A red stop sign hanging from a pole next to a street.
cars traveling down a multi lane street next to sidewalk with signs.
A red car turns into a space in a parking lot.
an image of a group of people walking near a stop sign
A stop sign with a two street sign and a one way sign.
A sign that was tipped over and the concrete keeping it in the ground pulled out.
A traffic light sitting above a red stop sign.
A man walking his elephant down a busy city street
The signs clearly tell the cars where to go.
A silver and black traffic light submerged in water.
Directional and stop signs share one tall pole. 
A small dog is peeping out of car window on the road.
TRAFFIC CONTROLLER HOLDING STOP SIGN, WITH CONSTRUCTION WORKERS IN BACKGROUND
Long red passenger buses in the middle of a downtown area. 
A red stop sign sitting on the top of a road sign.
A stop sign on a pole in a residential neighborhood.
a street sign on a pole with buildings in the background
A Four way stop sign next to a truck. 
A herd of elephants are walking down the street.
There are many "stop" and "one way" signs.
a stop sign with a building in the background 
A man eats in front of a stop sign marked with graffiti.
a stop sign with graffiti written on it
A red stop sign sitting under street signs at night.
A red stop sign in front of a brick building.
A red double decker bus on street next to building.
A stoplight on a busy city street 
some water a street a building and a street light
A very pretty horse pulling a cart with some people.
Three signs are in front of a large building.
Street signs on the side of the road. 
A police officer walking down a busy street.
Two passenger buses are parked while a man with grocery bags looks on.
A scene containing several buses and a number of people walking around.
The passenger bus is travelling down the road.
A street scene with a dozen pigeons flying toward the ground.
An old sign that says stop on top of a big mountain. 
The frowning man is standing beside a stop sign.
A stop sign stands out in front of the clouds.
The back of a dirty white work truck driving
A motorcycle parked in front of a car in the road.
a chinese diner sits on the corner of a street
A person is crossing a brick road in an area with residential buildings and lots of trees.
A stop sign has been personalized to include someone's name.
A boy doing a trick on a skateboard on a rail.
some street signs in a foreign language with a person driving on a motorcycle
a train on a track near many power lines 
Old and rough looking buildings fill the city.
A parking lot of vehicles with a horse standing near to a woman.
A stop sign sitting in front of some trees.
A stop sign and another sign in the woods.
A very crowded street at night with a number of lights
Two stop signs at an intersection with a car in the middle of them.
A stop sign the is behind some trees.
A red stop sign on a fence by  a grassy road.
a street having lots of cars parked and showing a few signs
Stop sign with a smaller sign on it's post in front of a car.
There is a stop sign in the road and on the side.
A bicycle parked at a stop sign on the corner of a one way street.
A passenger bus with two levels making a turn.
Roadway signs at intersection in remote area on nice day.
A group of people standing behind a line of parked motorcycles.
A stop sign at the corner of a small town with cars lined up in the backdrop.
A stop sign sits next to a railroad track on top of a no trespassing sign.
Black and white photograph of a woman leaning on an umbrella.
A white van sitting in front of a yellow fire hydrant.
A corner of a street with lots of street signs.
A stop sign that also says and smell the roses.
A stop sign at an intersection advising that bikes are to be walked across the road.
An intersection has an all way stop stop sign.
Traffic signage at intersection near fueling service station.
A bent stop sign sitting in a tree.
A pair of people sit behind a pizza on top of a tray.
A stop sign with the phrase "HATING" underneath "STOP".
A refrigerator has been placed on back of a small cart.
Fireman standing next to fire truck in parking lot.
a stop sign with a sky in the background
Windmills blend in among traffic signals and street lights.
THERER IS A MAN THAT IS CUTTING SANDWICHES ON A TABLE 
There are a lot of old stop signs stored together.
A very faded four way stop sign. 
A stop sign out in the middle of nowhere 
Man with glasses talking on cell phone in car
There is a stop sign with two road signs on top of it.
A person with a suitcase on a street.
A stop sign with a one way sign on the same post.
A yellow bus is near another bus on the street.
A police officer walking a dog on a leash.
A man walking by a sign saying stop for pedestrians.
A sign is posted to a pipe on the side of a shack.
A construction worker holding a stop sign on a road.
A ban is standing by the front of his large semi truck.
Can't stop dancing sign, all way and no parking within.
Immediately below a stop sign is a sign reading, "1 VEHICLE AT A TIME" and in smaller letters, "TAKE TURNS."
A street and a street sign on the corner of the street which reads, "Main St."
There is a sign hanging on a fence 
an elderly woman holding hands with a young child walking on a street
A fire truck is parked beside a stop sign.
A man and a woman are in a field with horses and pigs.
A stop sing sitting near a road and a sidewalk.
a stop sign with a wooden foot bridge in the background
A long term exposure of a intersection in a city
A man talking on a cell phone ina crowded room.
A street vendor who is walking on the sidewalk.
A store with a number of soda signs. 
A bus stop sign covered in vines and vegetation.
Two road signs on top of a stop sign.
A traffic sign sits in the foreground of a line of row houses.
a skateboarder has jumped over the railing on the street
An animal with horns standing on the street near people. 
Someone decorated a stop sign so that it says Don't Stop Believing.
A close-up of the stop sign and a street sign.
Prominent, leaning stop sign enhanced with wise saying.
very many vehicles on the street being parked
A stop sign partially covered by a bank of snow
a man on a skate board doing a stunt
a street sign sits on a corner next to parked cars
The confused man is trying to read the sign.
An intersection with a stop sign in a quiet neighborhood
There is a stop sign at a train crossing
A stop sign vandalized to display an anti-war message. 
a tall building with street signs sitting in the grass
A silver and yellow fire hydrant in the grass near a traffic sign in the street on a wood pole. 
Blue car driving down the side of the road next to building. 
A double deck tour bus making a turn onto a road.
A industrial street with large buildings and a fenced area. 
A group people playing frisbee in a park.
A skier with white pants, a blue jacket and black shoes traveling on skis.
The stop sign is underneath an electronic traffic signal.
a giant rectangular object sitting in the trunk of an unoccupied car
A house with a blue garage door and shadows.
A train is driving through the middle of a town.
The majestic Chateau looks like a castle on a sunny day.
Several girls standing in the middle of a street with one lying on the ground.
The picture shows a stop sign that has been partially painted over.
a stop sign sits next to a street sign 
Street intersection  as seen lit by street lamp on winter night.
A woman in black shirt riding bicycle in the middle of a street.
Street signs displayed at urban city roadway intersection.
A school bus that is stopped at an intersection.
A stop sign in a foreign language with some picture glued to it.
a red stop sign where there is also an all war sign below it
A corner building with a stop sign beside it.
A view of a stop sign from through a windows from inside a bus.
Many dogs are laying down near a red vehicle and others. 
A gang of bikers riding down a street.
Advocacy sign posted on a STOP sign in a city. 
A stop sign with a neon red color tint to it.
Few people have stopped by a stop sign.
A stop sign leaning over in melting snow.
A red car stopped at an intersection with a crosswalk.
A stop sign stands on a pathway near a wooded area.
a stop sign with wild flowers surrounding  it 
An awkward shaped house sitting on a curved corner of a street. 
A stop sign on a pole by some trees.
The stop sign and street sign are next to the palm tree.
A street sign at an intersection reads Mississippi St.
Stop sign on two yellow bars placed under a check in area.
A stop sign is on the corner near a shopping cart with a large store in the background.  
A stop sign with a black glove stuck on the pole.
a commercial poster ad inside a frame on the street
A stop sign that is at the corner of a street.
A scenic view of a road and trees with sunset.
A stop sign that has been vandalized with white paint. 
A man sitting next to a street and a woman nearby.
Houses on street behind stop and road sign. 
Blue and red signs sitting on the same street sign together. 
A person standing under a stop sign at a corner
A tire encircles a fire hydrant near some dump trucks
A group of kids plays in a fire hydrant as an official looks on.
a stop sign standing in front of a white house 
A close up image of a stop sign by a big tree.
A street sign on top of a stop sign
A street sign and a red stop sign on a pole.
A stop sign is on a wall next to an escalator with a man that is going up.
an old railroad with a stop sign with graffiti on it
The donut shop is at the corner by the stop sign.
street signs saying stop and what the speed limit is
A red bicycle is parked next to a stop sign.
A stop sign that has some foreign words written on it.
a man walking his dog down a sidewalk next to some cars 
a photo of a stop sign taken from ground level
Fake stop sign in front of a road in a park.
There is no picture here to write a description of.
Mountain view pictured from a quiet residential street.
A stop sign next to a Japanese Maple tree on a street corner.
THIS IS A PICTURE IN ANOTHER COUNTRY OF A CURVED BUILDING
A red stop sign sitting next to a green street sign.
A stop sign outside of the local supercenter.
The stop sign is across the street from a large house.
An outdoor bazaar on an open city street.
A snow filled stop sign in the street out side.
A person riding a horse with protective gear on.
A stop sign is shown on Edinburgh Ave.
Two people are riding a red motor scooter.
A red and yellow double-decker bus driving down a street.
A stop sign stands next to a hotel sign that is red and black.
A stop sign is posted on a 4-way street.
A stop sign in foreground of a tree in fall
A stop sign at a corner in the woods 
A man is doing a skateboard trick at a rink.
Two horses are across from a stop sign. 
a person in a red jacket snow cars and buildings
a blurry picture of a stop sign from far away
A stop sign on the sidewalk at the edge of an intersection.
a stop sign by a road in the desert
A stop sign that has a light shining on it.
A scene from an intersection with two stop signs and a cityscape.
a field with a closed off gate and signs
A person holding a stop sign on a street.
A city street with a blue and white informational sign set in a flower garden.
A truck pulled over on the side of the road.
A street sign that has a shopping cart on top of it
A stop sign along a country rural road.
A car traveling along a road in the snow.
A red stop sign is hanging high up
Peeling stickers adorn the back side of a street sign.
A corner of the street with a stop sign and cars parked.
A red stop sign with the word war written under stop.
A stop sign with a street sign that reads "3 Way."
A street sign and stop sign on the same pole at and intersection.
a stop sign upside down on a pole 
A stop sign is shown with stickers covering it.
A red stop sign with two green street signs posted above it.
A red and white sign reading "Whoa" and a red a white sign reading "Caution children at play".
A stop sign has been altered to read woman stop driving.
A city bus is waiting at a traffic intersection.
A red fire truck traveling down a busy city street.
A stop sign near a steepled church parking lot.
A stop sign altered with a sticker saying "caring"
A street sign that has two street names on it and a building in the background.
People are jogging and riding bikes near a street crosswalk.
Some people stand on and near a blue train near trees.
An all way stop sign is on a corner.
A tall gate with stop signs block the road.
A stop sign on the side of the street.
A close up picture stop sign with a black background.
A bunch of people on scooters are lined up on the street.
A room full of street signs mounted on walls.
A man with an umbrella standing with a woman in a park.
The men are dancing with legs high, maneuvering with a frisbee.
Two conductors of children's miniature trains talking while groups of families wait in line.
An old van is stopped at the stop sign of an intersection.
A flat bed truck is driving past a stop sign.
Street sign indicating time to stop and street name.
An old diesel truck driving down the path next to freeway
A light pole with a stop sign, a street sign and a pair of shoes hanging on it.
A man riding a red motorcycle down a street.
A woman taking a meal with a cake, wine glass, glass and a vase with flowers on the table
A sidewalk cafe with two tables under brown umbrellas.
A young girl with a skateboard is leaning against a stop sign.
A stop sign stands in front of an apartment building.  
A traffic sign with bullet holes in it near a wooded area.
Three people writing on a sign that is resting on a truck.
A toddler touching a fire hydrant on the street.
THIS IS A PICTURE OF A STOP SIGN IN THE DAYTIME
A couple of people on a bike on the street.
A photo of a "no entry" road sign and the top of a building and treetops.
A stop sign that is monitored by a camera.
Back of street signs on a busy city street. 
A close up of a stop sign with graffiti on it.
a building that is made out of some kind of bricks
Various street signs such as parking and no parking as well as a stop sign is attached to a telephone pole.
a stop sign that is nailed to a big pole
A man is surrounded by people in the street. 
This is a city street at sun set.
Traffic signage displayed at intersection in large city environment.
A train is making its way through the town on the tracks.
A stop sign has been sprayed with black paint.
A person rides a bicycle on a brick street.
A woman is wearing a pink helmet and riding her bike through the city.
The woman in the mirror is taking a picture of herself and the dog.
a stop sign with a street sign above it at an insection
A stop sign on a street corner with some stickers on it.
A stuffed bear is hanging on the side of a light pole. 
A DECORATIVE SNACK SHOP THAT LOOKS LIKE A SHIP
Image of a stop sign with amusing grafitti.
A stop sign with joke graffiti painted on it. 
An intersection with a stop sign and a traffic signal with a green arrow.
An above-ground subway car on a city street.
A man painting a picture below a stop sign.
A street scene with a stop sign in the foreground and cars in the background.
Motorcycle parked in a city in the afternoon.
An empty intersection with a florists shop on one corner.
A purple wildflower is in bloom with others surrounding it.
A stop sign is shown slightly leaning on the corner.
this is a stop sign hanging on  a pole
A stop sign and street signs covered in snow.
A pair of suit cases sitting on the side of a snowy road.
A street sign with a foreign language sign.
a sign in the middle of a road telling people to stop for crosswalks
a corner intersection with a traffic stop sign and graffitti
A man wearing a pair of sunglasses next to a  red stop sign.
Two children playing with a toy in a park.
Man bent over riding a skate board around a corner
A woman standing next to a motor scooter.
A street corner with the the street sign Flicker Lane and a brick house in the back
A red fire hydrant and black pole beside the street.
A group of stop signs planted next to each other in the grass.
A street corner with people and a horse
The white building is behind the street signs
a stop sign with a red arrow on top of it pointing left
A stop sign that has some graffiti on it.
an ice cream truck on a sub urban road
Ocean Blvd sign at an ocean front next to a stop sign.
a blocked off road with some red lights and street signs 
A stop sign and a lit street lamp near a tree on a quiet city street.
A man holding a stop sign to stop climate change
A red stop sign sitting by the side of a road.
A stop sign on the corner of a patch of grass.
A street corner that has two sign posts with an upside down one way sign on one of the posts.
a person in a field with a large kite
A skateboarder with both hands on the ground.
A car drives past a train that is coming out of a tunnel.
Two young men are standing near a stop sign.
A red miniature train has people riding it and sponsor signs on top.
Stop sign in front of a road with a car driving,
a streets intersection with some street signs and street lights and cars
A school bus is in a large parking lot.
Two young girls standing next to a big stop sign.
A stop sign with two street signs on top in a neighborhood.
A stop sign in front of a concrete plant.
A stop sign on an empty, foggy street.
A stop sign that has been altered with an image of a former President.
a street sign next to a tree lined street.
a large street with hardly any drivers in it
Several stop signs lined up in an open field area.
A very cute lady holding an inside out umbrella.
A woman in teeshirt and shorts walking along a road.
a stop sign and a white and green street sign and some trees
a decorated lite up stop sign at the corner
a man on a skate board does a trick in the air 
Street signs boards are attached to a long pole. 
A street with double decker buses in both directions.
A faded stop sign in a residential area with graffiti on it. 
A train track with a stop sign next to it.
A girl in a bathing suit is riding a bike.
A tree leaning on a building on Bay Street.
A stop sign is seen in front of a white fence.
A stop sign with a magazine cover taped to it.
A man standing in the street with his luggage. 
A custom painted bus with a row of bicycles parked against it.
A SNOW STREET WITH A RED STOP SIGN ON IT 
A group of people standing on steps holding signs.
A street sign by a fence reads "Stop Hump"
An empty road is featured in the middle of the trees.
A man jumping while holding a street sign on street corner.
A huge tree log covering the path of a road.
A stop sign has been written on with colored ink.
a stop sing in reverse looking out of window onto a street
A photograph of a stop sign on a clear blue day.
A neighborhood stop sign stating that cross traffic doesn't stop
a very pregnant woman standing next to a crosswalk 
Two men on motorcycles next to a stop sign.
A train hauling several carts through a town square.
There is something captured here in this photo.

The car on a towing sign has been changed to a banana by graffiti.
A motorcycle sitting on a road beside a stop sign.
a street sign sits in front of some parked cars 
A large traffic light near a stop sign.
A street scene with a mass transit bus turning the corner.
There are several signs near the railroad tracks.
A stop sign is standing at an intersection with a white fence with a lot of houses behind it.
Two girls at an intersection along with a food truck.
A stop sign that warns drivers to fasten their seat belts.
A stop sign has been in a sticker war.
a street sign on a pole next to shrubbery and a street
The are cars and truck in the street on a shopping center.
A truck stopped on a street behind a bicycle with two men talking.
The stop sign is across the street from a field of wind turbines.
Graffiti on a street sign next to a snowy sidewalk.
An three way intersection with a stop sign and a a road sign across the intersection pointing the direction for two highways.
A car and a pick-up parked in front of a cafe on a one way street.
A stop sign stands on a curb by a rock wall.
A stop sign on the corner of an empty city street
A stop sign in front of a green field
A man and a woman sitting at a table with pizza and drinks.
Graffiti and stickers on the back of a stop sign.
An outdoor market has a large parking lot and sits near water.
A no parking and No Left Turn sign sits on the side walk of the neighborhood.
A couple of green street signs hanging from a pole.
people walk down an alleyway in the middle of the day
A city intersection in an urban city. 
a stop sign and a no parking any time sign
Stop sign with graffiti on NE Failing St.
A bird perched on top of a red stop sign
Two horses pulling a horse-drawn carriage through the street. 
The stop sign is across the street from a bridge.
A woman in shorts leaning against a stop sign.
People walking along the sidewalk in the rain with umbrellas. 
A dog pants beside a metal bowl and another dog in a fenced area.
A traffic circle with a white clcktower in the center.
a woman with an umbrella and some red and yellow leaves
A stop sign with graffiti written on it.
there is a woman standing in the grass pointing to a sign
A white car is stuck in a road that is flooded.
A stop sign over a pedestrian crossing sign.
A bus and other vehicles at an intersection.
An intersection on a small street with street signs.
A woman is standing next to a stop sign
A yellow tow truck on  a street corner
A stop sign posted on a pole on top of another no stopping sign.
A stop sigh with road sign at an intersection.
A stop sign by a major highway intersection.
I think this is a warning sign for people not to ski here
A stop sign on a wooden post, near some wildflowers.
A street with some cars and traffic lights and a dark sky
There is a small car on a closed track
A woman is posing next to a stop sign.
a train is passing above a couple of vehicles
two people walking on a city street with umbrellas 
A white truck driving on top of a street.
A stop sign on a busy street on a summer day.
A stop sign on a street corner with a building in the background.
A woman and man sharing an umbrella as the walk
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.
A small white truck parked in a parking lot.
Two people taking pictures next to an intersection.
A person walking down a street next to trees.
The intersection sign with the power lines in the background.  
A group of people walking up and down a sidewalk.
A pretty red street sign by a very big building.
A stop sign near a street corner by a tree
A stop sign on a suburban street corner that has a sticker that says "driving" placed on it beneath the word "STOP".
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a street with an exclamation point.
A red stop sign leaning to the left in front of a red brick building.
A stop sign next to a metal building .
A group of motorcycles before a competition as spectators look on.
a street with two stop signs and people walking down the street
STOP sign in the middle of a small urban road. 
An interstate exit sign with a stop sign next to it.
A street stop sign at a four way stop.
a stop sign with a vine growing on it
a red and white stop sign and a black skull painted on it
some red stop signs are next to each other
Cars are driving through a green traffic light.
A stop sign has icecicles hanging from the bottom.
An street with several parked cars, but no one driving
A picture of Winter Street during the winter. 
A sign is on a pole near the grass.
a street sign on the corner of a city street
Two people are crossing the street as they are heading towards the stop sign.
A street scene with a stop sign in the background.
Two pictures of traffic lights on that is red and the other green.
A stop sign at the intersection of two streets.
Two stop signs and traffic light with people walking past them.
A stop sign at the end of a dead end road
There are many confusing signs at the intersection of an old country road.
STOP sign with a city street sign attached to it in front of a city building. 
A young boy clings to a public stop sign.
A tall palm tree looms behind a stop sign. 
A sign is similar to a top sign but has a personalized message.
Police officer taking notes at scene of an accident
A no cars and no motorcycles sign on a post.
A STOP sign that has been altered sitting on a city street. 
A red stop sign sitting in a  parking lot.
A man in a backpack exiting a tour bus. 
A stop sign with graffiti about the Red Sox
A woman is standing with a water bottle
A warning sign is displayed in a parking lot.
A 3-Way Stop sign in front of many building structures.
a couple streets signs on the side of the road.
A stop sign that has been tagged with graffiti.
a street and stop sign next to the corner 
A bus parked in front of a bus stop near a parking lot.
Many street signs crowd the photo next to a sub shop.
A green street sign sitting above a red stop sign.
A stop sign is shown on the corner of the street.
The crowds are gathering in the city plaza.
A crowd of people in summer attire and holding stuffed zoo animals. 
A close shot of a STOP sign over the cloudy sky. 
A San Francisco street corner with stop sign, bike path directions and ethnic cafe
A street sign is above a stop sign.
Several traffic signs and a street sign at night. 
Several dogs on a yellow school bus with a stop sign below the window.
a man on his bike is walking a dog 
A three story white building with cars parked on the street in front of it.
A girl posing with a stop sign at a park. 
The  construction zone is causing a blockage for city traffic.
A truck is parked in a parking lot.
A stop sign next to a stone wall with a "new street" sign on it.
A small median separate the street from the railroad. 
A stop sign in front of a dilapidated building.
A man and a woman attempting to close an umbrella.
Three road signs posted in a parking garage.
Two cars parked near a bank of snow with ski equipment.  
A traffic signal sign and an airplane in flight.
Foreign stop sign, possibly in Sanskrit or Cambodian script, with nice tree and water background, off-white property wall typical of India or southeast Asia.
a stop sign on a pole next to a tree 
A faded stop sign near a street side.
A man that is with a horse on the street.
The side of a stop sign under a tree.
An empty street with lots of buildings and a stop sign.
A vintage luncheonette sign advertising cola on a city street.
An intersection in front of Notre Dame in Paris.
an image of a stop sign attached to the back of a school bus
Stop sign, street signs, and no parking signs on a street corner.
A picture of a stop sign and a street sign.
A upside down picture of a stop which is right side up.
The picture shows power lines, a tree, and a street sign.
A motorcycle being driven by cones in the rain
A man on a skate board rides through town.
A stop sign with a forklift next to it with beer packs on it.
The cars are passing by while a pedestrian in blue shirt is waiting to cross the street.
A street sign in in front of a fence and bushes
A red stop sign leaning over on it's side.
A stop sign covered in dried vine is posted on the side of a road.
A man waving at a school bus as it's leaving.
a stop sign an one way sign and a street sign
A stop sign that is on the dock of a pier. 
The bike is decorated and parked by the stop sign. 
Motel sign next to a road with a truck parked in a driveway.
A street corner with a stop sign written in Arabic
There is a girl sitting in a chair texting on her phone.
a stop sign with streets signs on top in the clouds
A man standing a street holding a red stop sign.
 An old stop sign with cracked paint on a street corner
A stop sign overlooking a river and port.
a stop sign in the foreground of a picture of snow topped mountains
An instructional sign is placed near a fence.
A stop sign stands on a street corner.
 A stop sign covered in plants above a bush

Street corner with a stop sign and a business sign.
A man stands on a street corner next to a stop sign.
A compact car stopped at a suburban intersection.
a school bus sits parked at a stop sign 
A paper stop sign next to a pair of scissors
Bikes and cars moving in their respected lanes in a road.
a view from inside a vehicle looking a a stop sign and car in front of 
A little boy that has a bat standing in the dirt.
The biker in red and white suit stands next to this bike on the roadside.
A man that is on a bike next to a woman.
A stop sign on a lamp post with a house in background
A man kneeling with a camera, taking a picture of a man with a phone.
An empty street with several row houses on it.
a street sign with a traffic light underneath
A black and silver motorcycle lies on the ground
A stop sign is shown with a multi-story house in the background.
The little boy is holding up a stop sign
A composite of photos of a farm, including chickens, horses, and sheep.
A defaced stop sign outdoors against a blue sky. 
A train station in the process of construction
A man climbs onto a stop sign acrobatically. 
A stop sign with snow in the background.
A yellow school bus sits on a road.
A red stop sign sitting in the middle of a road.
a school bus having a colorful shirt sale
a little girl is standing in front of a stop sign and a tree
A large truck with enclosed trailer sits on the edge of the curb
A teenage girl in a white tee standing by a stop sign
a close up of an old wooden stop sign
Flooded area showing the top of some fence posts and a stop sign.
A bunch of black motorcycles parked with riders standing around.
a stop sign that is next to a palm tree
Several cars and a street car head in the same direction at a busy urban street corner.
Road signs against cloudy sky and some houses. 
a stop sign that is knocked over in the grass
A red stop sign sitting below a cross road sign.
A stop sign is altered to say "Alto".
a number of people in a field near many stop signs
A stop sign and street sign attached to a pole at an intersection.
There is a stop sign in a metal cart
A cup that has a spoon inside of it.
A young man is riding a skateboard across the street.
A young woman holding a black and white umbrella 
A stop sign with the words Hammer time below it.
A stop and a yield sigh stand close together on dry grass.
A Stop sign with some potted plants next to some buildings
a red city bus coming through an intersection
A machine with a lit up stop sign mounted on it's side.
A man is sitting in front of two upside down signs.
Several images of red items, a bandana, table cloth, stop sign, bucket, container lid, and paper sign.
a stop sign a street some trees grass and buildings
See picture of a lot of bicycles in the street.
A reflection of a stop sign in a puddle on the street.
A traffic sign on a rusty rail near an ocean.
The corner stop sign of the Lincoln Park Zoo.
A city street with buildings  and street signs.
a stop sign with the sun shinning above it
The stop sign is posted at the intersection of the street.
A large blue and yellow bus on a street.
Graffiti reading "War" painted onto a street stop sign
A red stop sign under a green street sign.
An all way stop sign on a street corner
Several different street signs in various locations on a city street.
a stop sign sits inside of some vegetation 
A sign is posted that resembles a stop sign but has a personal message.
An age restriction sign is posted on the red door.
A open street with signs near several buildings.
This is an image of a stop sign in the snow.
A pedestrian crossing and stop sign next to a tree.
Two cows eat grass from a lawn near a city sidewalk.
there is a bike that is attached to the front of a bus
A tilted stop sign with spray painted words on it
A person in a pacman suit next to a fire hydrant.
There are stop signs with tomatoes on the front of them.
A mailbox covered in graffiti under a stop sign.
the yellow top of a fire hydrant with cars in the background
A red stop sign sits on the curb of a dusty street.
A red stop sign that is on top of a green pole.
A stop sign has a no turn sign under it.
A white building with several windows on the corner.
A couple of green street signs sitting above  a stop sign.
People on the sidewalk are looking in store windows.
A stained stop sign sits at an intersection.
A stop sign painted on a wood pole.
A STOP SIGN OVER A PEDESTRIAN SIGN THAT NEEDS REPAINTED
The stop sign warns pedestrians of possible oncoming trains
A picture of a stop sign on a street.
a close up of a street sign with trees in the background
Two green street signs on a metal pole 
A sign on a tree saying "Begin One Way" on a sidewalk.
A street scene with a man crossing the crosswalk with a suitcase.
A motorcycle parked on a sidewalk near a truck and stop sign. 
A stop sign with graffiti scribbled on it.
A close up of signs, one with a line through a car, and one reading 'keep driveway clear'. 
A cement-mixer has been pulled over by a policeman.
A stop sign with writings on it and a building in the background.
two green and white street signs and a stop sign
A red traffic light hanging from a wire with a faded stop sign under it.
A person is crossing a bare street 
The stop sign is decorated with unusual signs.
A stop sign is shown attached to a pole.
This group of stop signs has black padding around the edges.
An intersection filled with traffic near a railroad crossing signal.
an empty street in the middle of a city
A stop sign that is almost buried in the snow.
a man driving a horse pulled carriage through town
A street sign that has been writing on. 
The stop sign is clearly visible for all of us to see. 
A stop sign on  a street taken at night
A stop sign above a dead end sign in a construction are on a street.
A stop sign in front of a tan building with several trees and bushes.
A traffic sign near a white truck by a tree.
A traffic sign near a curb with a car passing by. 
Pedestrians walk in the street passed a stop sign.
A stop sign stands on the corner of two roads.
A stop sign with multiple stickers on it.
A graffiti sign in front of a tree displaying 'don't stop believing'.
A blue garbage truck driving down a city street 
A stop sign located in front of a building.
A couple of greens signs and a stop sign.
a street sign for Peepee Falls street above a stop sign
A red stop sign sitting in the middle of a tall grass covered field.
A red stop sign posted to a yellow pole in front of a toll booth.
A women who is walking while on her cell phone.
a group of people that is walking down a sidewalk
A stop sign on a corner of a road 
A man in plaid shirt on skateboard in street.
A stop sign in next to a road in an area with a lot of trees.
A multicolored fire hydrant (red, white, green) in suburbia
Road signs on pole displayed at intersection in urban area.
A stop sign, pedestrian sign, and no smoke sign are posed on top of one another.
An assortment of street signs adorn an outdoor enclosure.
a tractor drives down a rural nice road
A street with cars parked along side of it and people walking on a sidewalk.
Lit-up bridge in a city at night over a street.
A road sign seen through a raindrop filled window.
This is an item that is simple and plain. 

Men in safety vests with a Stop sign by a truck 
One person is riding a bicycle down the sidewalk and another is walking.
A closeup view of a stop sign near other street signs.
People walking and riding bicycles down a street.
A three way stop sign is mounted to a pole.
A man grasping a coffee cup on a snowy street
The railroad crossing sign is attached to the stop sign.
an instructional information sign for bicycle riders and a stop sign
A yellow fire hydrant in a city area.  
The stop sign is under the street signs.
A number of traffic signs in a foreign language. 
Man in a hurry with on umbrella on a rainy day.
A sidewalk leading to a street with a lot of vegetation around. 
A red stop sign that says all way stop and no parking
A car approaches a stop sign at an intersection. 
A large plane hovering over the ground near grass.
Graffitti on a stop sign to stop eating animals.
A picture of a street sign by a street.
The street signs are clearly visible for all of us to see. 
Multiple signs depict directions in English and Japanese. 
A man stands besides his bike on a snowy day.
Posters for various films are displayed on the side of a building.
Several street signs in one area in front of a building structure.
A sign is posted to alert walkers while traffic is just entering a bend.
A group of people gathered around a captive giraffe.
A stop sign that has been graffitied to say never stop loving.
A crooked stop sign next to a street pole by a house.
A girl riding a bicycle with a man skateboarding beside her. 
An airplane is parked in a grassy runway.
a close up of street sign with power lines above
A stop sign outside a window on a street.
A stop sign is at the corner of Aristocrate Place.
there is a red and white sign that says stop no vehicles past post
This is a sign in front of an apartment building. 
A white truck stopped at a stop sign.
A sign indicates the corner of 6th St and Spencer Ave
a street with cars that ends with something white at the end 
A passenger bus that is driving down the street.
A stop sign with a street sign on top of it.
A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
A stop sign with shadows of a hand, a square, and a hammer.
A man in blue shirt and neck scarf reading a booklet next to a traffic sign.
A classic car is parked in a garage.
The cloudy sky is above the grassy land.
A close up of a stop sign in a city.
A vandalized stop sign in a residential area.
Several guys in a bar one dressed in leather straps.
A red building on the side of the street. 
A stop sign has fallen over into a tree. 
A stop sign is partially covered on this snowy day.
A caution sign in a mountainous area warning to stay behind ropes.
People watch a man riding a cow through a parking lot.
A couple of kids with a baseball bat.
Stop sign in front of road in wooded area
A STOP ALL-WAY sign which someone has changed to read "STOP ALL-WAR"
Night city life with motorcycles and couple walking
a vandalized stop sign with many stickers on it
A stop sign with street sign at an intersection.
A stop sign and traffic cones are in the middle of the street.
This woman is  a phone call while standing on a ciy street in broad daylight.
A stop sign set against a sweeping background.
An intersection with two street signs and a stop sign.
a group of people walk in front of some buildings 
a person pointing at something on the street. 
Traffic sign displayed at intersection in large city.
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.
The handles of a bike can be seen in front of a speeding sign.
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road covered in graffiti.
A red truck moving towards a busy highway.
People are standing near a building with a big umbrella.
A stop sign next to other signs on a residential street.
A public bathroom sits outside next to the street.
A stop sign stands on a street corner
A red stop sign with a blue street sign sitting above it.
Two toilets are sitting on a curb by the street.
multiple traffic signs on one pole most important stop


A Stop sign is shown covered with stickers.
A stop sign marked with anti-war graffiti to say "Stop The War."
The street sign shows the names of two intersections.
A sign and some trees are being displayed in a neighborhood.
A white truck driving down a road past a traffic light.
A house lined road with car on it and telephone poles. 
a stop sign a and two street signs and some poles
A telephone pole and stop sign stand at an intersection.
An old fashioned neon sign advertises a local ice cream parlor.
This is an image of a stop sign with graffiti on it

A young man sitting on a motorcycle on a street surrounded by a grassy field. 
A man in white shirt doing tricks on a skateboard.
A store window with the reflection of a parking lot with a stop sign.
a street post with a traffice light stop sign and street signs
A white and red motorcycle on the side of street next to a stop sign.
A person that is outside in the street.
A collection of street and traffic signs atop a metal pole.
A small red car in a parking lot near a large black truck.
A collection of paintings against a fence outside.
A stop sign in front of a very large office building.
a big red stop sign that is out side
a red passenger train traveling passed a large tourist building
Stop sign in a parking lot with multiple holes.
A four way stop sign written in two languages.
A stop sign at the corner of a beach road.
A large grouping of stop signs beside some construction signs.
Stop sign on the corner of Swampfox and Gamecock roads
Cars are lined up near a construction worker holding a stop sign.
A street with a bus going down it and a mail truck
a telephone pole with a sign stuck on it 
The skier is starting down the advanced slope.
A stop sign at an intersection with trees and a building behind it.
A sign of a woman holding a sign that reads " School Zone Stop".
A white fire hydrant at dusk sitting on a street corner.
A stop sign that is in the middle of a rural area.
An empty alley with a street sign at the end of it. 
A stop sign in front of a hill with trees on it.
Back side of stop sign with cross street signage.
two small boys standing on snow boards on top of a snowy hill
A bicyclist shows his reflection in the rear view mirror.
A truck sitting in a parking lot with tires in the bed.
A church-like building of some sort with cars leading up to it.
A man is standing in front of a homemade sign.
a man stands in front of a stop sign 
A classic car parked next to a grey truck in a parking lot.
A person is riding a motorcycle in the rain.
A man and a woman are walking next to a stop sign.
A STOP SIGN IN SIDE OF A PARKING LOT ON THE CORNER 
A crowd of people stand in line to vote.
Street signs and a stop sign with graffiti on it.
There is a stop sign in a field.
A blue stop sign located near two pots of flowers.
A stone bridge with three arches spanning a river.
there is a red stop sign on the side of the road
A girl holding an umbrella, reading the paper, and listening to headphones on a street corner.
A stop sign is is placed directly on top of a yellow post.
A clock tower near a road with cars around it
A toy car sits next to a slice of chocolate cake. 
A bus going under a blue steel bridge.
a person standing in front of a street sign
A small hand written sign by a street.
a close up of a stop sign and a traffic light
One woman waits for bus and the other prepares for her bicycle ride.
Driver's eye view of a stop sign in the mirror of a motorcycle.
A stop sign and a street sign covered with graffiti. 
A stop sign on the side of the road and a railroad sign
Man standing in front of a round stop sign.
A stop sign is on a short light pole in the middle of the street.
a couple of street signs on a pole
people walking by a pole with  a lot of street signs on it
Red and white stop sign and a line of gray cars parked along the street
A red three way stop sign near a bus stop.
A stop sign next to a street sign missing a letter.
One way stop sign in the middle of a snowed in road.
some cars on a city street near many buildings 
black and white scene with fire hydrant and large homes
A police officer who is riding on a horse.
a sign for Gulliver street in front of a building
A stop sign on a road during a sunny day.
The shops on the street are closed with steel shutters.
A stop sign at an intersection with houses in the distance.
A bus parked at a bus stop in a city with tall buildings.
A stop light hanging over an intersection in a residential area.
A stop sign has been modified to send a message
A group of people and a bed in an outside setting. 
a couple of signs that are standing next to each other
A stop sign that has been vandalized with graffiti.  
A street sign contains an arrow and a stop sign 
A stop sign on a corner collects snow on its surface.
A man is stopped in the street on his bike.
A red busted fire hydrant spewing water out onto a street.
Red tail lights glare on the back of a pickup going down a road towards a lighted field.
Two traffic signs on a road near a wooded area before railroad tracks.
A red stop sign that is over a yield sign.
A street with two white trucks, one with supplies in the back.
a red and white stop sign attached to a cage
A stop sign above a large planting of cactus. 
A stop sigh with a picture of a dogs head stuck in the center
Acorss the street there are bags in front of a house
A Stop sign hanging on a pole outside.
A group of people in makeup and dye with a stop sign.
A goose and another type bird in a parking lot 
A red stop sign sits in the snow along suburban streets.
A stop sign out on a gravel road
A painted security officer holds a stop sign.
A stop sign stands at the curb of an empty intersection. 
A stop sign on a pole and a tow zone sign.
A store with several racks of magazines. 
A stop sign is covered with various stickers.
A red stop sign that is on the side of a bus.
A school bus parked in a parking lot next to a building.
An all-way stop sign next to a red light
A road under construction in the countryside. 
A stop sign is shown under street signs.
A stop sign at a split road in a city 
A white bus on a narrow street in the woods. 
A stop sign with telephone wires and trees behind it.
A white car near a stop sign and a big building
A person is standing on a snowy street.
An old fashioned brown retro bus riding through town.
Two protest signs on the grounds of a college campus.
A stop sign mounted on a wooden pole that has been defaced
a large red stop sign that is by some flowers
A rusted stop sign sitting in flowering shrubbery.
A street pole with a stop sign, the cross streets, and a no parking sign.
many vehicles on a city street near buildings
A small pickup truck stops at a stop sign intersection.
A man jumping a skateboard over a cement bench.
a close up of a stop sign and a street sign 
a stop sign and a green and white arrow sign and some cars
A road with several cars going in both directions as well as a stop light.
A bus driving down a street past traffic lights.
A stop sign is covered with bumper stickers.
A red stop sign against some cables in a blue sky
Defaced street signs stand on a metal pole on a city street.
Men and women are gathered around on the corner
A blue motorcycle parked on a snowy street.
A railroad crossing with a stop sign and a building in the background.
The crossing guard is holding up a stop sign.
A woman is crossing the street on her bicycle.
Two men on bicycles on the street at night.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
A stop sign has graffiti spray painted on it
A couple of street signs posted on top of a red stop sign.
A picture taken through a window that is drenched in rain distorting the image. 
A stop sign and a railroad crossing sign in front of large tank.
The man is riding his bike thru traffic.
it is raining and everyone has a umbrella
A four way stop on St. Andrews Rd,
A stop sign at an intersection in a residential neighborhood.
a close up of a stop sign on a wooden pole 
A lady in an orange vest holding a stop ahead sign.
A picture of some beautiful buildings in the middle of a city. 
Traffic signs with stickers all over them. 
a stop sign with some graffit on it
A black iron fence sitting across a roadway near lots of trees.
Stop sign next to a road on a snowy day.
A picture of a stop sign in front of a house.
A knocked over stop sign near a asphalt road.
A stop sign that has writing on it.
A tree has fallen down next to a stop sign.
A man talking on a cell phone while in ski gear. 
View from an alley of a city street.
a street sign with a sticker placed on it on a metal pole on the side of the street.
A stop sign sitting in front of cars and trucks parked in the parking lot of a store.
A school bus parked on the side of the road under a large tree.
An intersection with two street signs, a Stop sign and a Cross Traffic Does Not stop beneath it
A stop sign next to a building at a crossroads.
A stop sign has a measuring tape on it.
A motorcycle that is standing in the street.
A man is showing his watch on his arm.
A stop sign written in a foreign language.
The sign is explaining to motorists the rules of the road.
A group of people on an alley with umbrellas
Two street signs on top of a stop sign.
A street sign with a bird house below it.
A sign that shows direction of three way street. 
Clock at a train station showing the time of the next trains arrival.
A stop sign on a pole on a city street.
A woman in an orange jump suit is holding a stop sign.
An old fashioned TV sitting in the gutter near a stop sign.
Stop sign on a shady city corner with buildings behind
a dump truck that is parked next to some trash cans
An overhead dark sign is in a different language.
Three vehicles are approaching the stop sign by the gate. 
a street stop sign sits in front of a palm tree
A post on the street has traffic signs in front of a covered window.
A street sign and a traffic sign with stickers on the back of it. 
A bike rests on a stop sign pole in a city intersection.
A stop sign has graffiti written on it. 
Looking up at stop and left turn on red only signs.
A meter maid checking a meter on the side of the road.
A rear view mirror that shows a dog sitting in the backseat.
A boy riding a skateboard on a deserted street near the woods
A sign is posted in short grass near the sea.
A woman in a van and a man in a motorcycle pass by and talk.
A devastated area of a street with wrecks of cars and collapsed buildings 
a stop sign has the words myspace written underneath
train locomotive is on the tracks in a station
a stop sign it out in the snow covered grounds
A stop sign on a pole on a street.
Remains of old city wall at the corner of two cobblestone streets. 
A number of directional signs at a railroad crossing.
The 2400 block of Spaulding Avenue continues to the right
A santa figure sits in the back of a truck near a stop sign.
A black and white photograph of stop sign near some abandoned train tracks.
A stop sign in front of an old store on a road.
A street sign is shown against the blue sky.
A pole with two street signs and one traffic sign. 
Two stop sign on street corners on the street
A bicycle is chained to a tree on a sidewalk
A large stop sign has various graffiti on it.
A stop sign is hung on a post at an intersection.
there is a stop sign in a different language at the corner of this street
A stop signs sits against a blue cloudy sky.
A red sign in front of two tall buildings.
A red-haired woman is gesturing toward a red double-decker bus in Europe.
A train on a railroad track with buildings along the side.
Street sign in front of a clear glass building.
A bike parked on the side of the street.
A few construction workers standing on the road.
A stop sign and road name signs in the snow.
A stop sign sits along a road next to a shore
A man is standing with a sign in roller skates
A patch of grass with a stop sign and its shadow.
two red and white signs a telephone pole and some other signs
A clean, modern restaurant, looking as though it is ready to open.
A Stop sign saying Stop War on it in a parking area.
A stop sign on a street corner with graffiti on it.
A sign posted on a wooden stake saying "Stop the Drop 1080."
Several people have parked their cars here to enjoy the par.
A group of men riding elephants down a street surrounded by trees.
A horse drawn carriage with a single man inside.
A black and white train passing near a red and white gate. 
girl wearing headband and glasses sitting on grass 
A stop sign and fire hydrant sit on a street corner.
A stop sign that is not at the top of the pole.
A red stop sign with two street signs mounted to it.
Group of people riding on horseback Donacy Street. 
A red stop sign with two green street signs sitting above it.
a close up of a vandalized stop sign on a street 
A stop sign at the end of a street that has graffiti on it.
We are looking at the side of an old wooden house.
A view of a stop sign that has small graffiti on it
There is no image on this page to describe.
A stop sign under a street lamp is shining at night.
 a stop sign on a wooden pole with a street name stenciled on it
A road that is right by of the forest.
A skater riding his skateboard in the night.
three grocery carts stopped at a stop sign
A stop sign is across from a building with many different  flags on the roof.
A red and white sign on top of a yellow pole.
very many vehicles moving against each other on the road
a stop sign and street sign on a pole
Traffic and street signs on a wooden pole.
A framed photo of a shirtless man placed beside a stop sign.
A white sign with a parody of a stop sign with "Stop Harper" painted on it.
A classic car at a stop sign during the day.
Two stop signs are standing in the white snow.
Several police officers riding horses down the street.
A poll with a street sign on it.
A hose is attached to a fire hydrant and a fire truck.
Street signs are posted on top of a stop sign.
yellow school bus drives through the wet street
An old camper is parked in a corner lot with a cupcake on top of it.
A stop sign out by the road on a bright sunny day
there is a large silver train stopped at the tracks
A school bus crossing over a bridge in a city.
a traffic light that is red, waiting to change colors.
A stop sign next to a green, grassy field.
A stop sign that has been covered in graffiti and stickers.
Three palm trees at an intersection near a Stop sign.
A stop sign at an intersection that has stickers and leaves on it.
Graffiti is written on a stop sign at street corner.
A worker stops traffic using a hand sign near reconstruction
A small photo of a Starbucks shop is below a stop sign.
A man on a scooter sits beside a stop sign.
a stop sign with street names in a busy intersection
a red white and black stop sign and some trees and houses
A man riding on the back of a horse next to a red stop sign.
A woman posing next to a stop sign on the side of a street.
A small cute sign saying whoa by a small road.
A large, rectangle sign says stop near a grass area.
Black dog holds frisbee in his mouth as he's running. 
Kids playing in the street with a fire hydrant spraying water.
A red stop sign on a yellow bus.
Children get off a school bus as a crossing guard stands among them. 
a stop sign near a rail road crossing sign
A  man is in front of a tree with a stop sign on it. 
The ice cream man has parked his truck.
there is a stop sign on a big pole in the middle of the snow
a view of a stop sign along a city street
There is a black motorcycle parked next to a car
A cyclist rides beside a bus on a busy street.
Cars crossing through an intersection with a stop sign.
There is no image on this page to describe.
A commercial district street with a sign pointing where to stop for a crosswalk.
A battered octagonal red sign with graffiti hanging on a pole.
In an odd juxtaposition of reality, an old piano is sitting on the corner of a busy street at night.
Partially flooded roadway with a fire hydrant on a sunny day.
A picture of a stop sign with tall buildings in the background.
A red truck and a yellow truck in a parking lot.
A truck traveling down a road with a pile of logs in the back of it.
A dump truck sits by a stop sign.
A stop sign on a pole on the corner of a street 
a red and white sign and some parking spaces
an intersection at night with street lights and signs 
A stop sign is in a sandy dirt area.
A street light and sign are shown above a road.
a sop sign is mounted beneath two road signs
An intersection with street light poles and traffic sign poles. 
A multiple colored umbrella next to a table and truck.
A wooden stop sign in a rural area
a man walking by a stop sign with graffiti on it 
a stop sign and street signs under some palm trees
Brown building with metal roof behind traffic control signs.
a covered motor cycle next to a green and white fire hydrant
a deer by a stop sign looking towards the camera
A stop sign next to a street sign for West Waveland Avenue. 
The blue and white fire hydrant is on the corner.
A street sign that say Durham Court and the reflection of deck
A red stop sign mounted above a traffic light.
In the dark of night, the STOP sign is suspended on the post upside down.
two taxi cabs are stopped waiting for customers
A stop sign and warning is posted on a refrigerator.
A street sign is shown at an intersection.
Three policemen standing on corner and businesses behind them. 
Odd, almost humorous human figure sticking out from a yellow pole, near intersection with stop and one way signs, night time, with car streaking by and very strong light in the background.
Lonely stretch of road with sun shining bright in sky
Commuter train in motion through a city street
A street train cart making a left turn as a woman waits.
A young woman standing near a traffic sign and a broken umbrella.
A large yellow school bus on a road.
A stop sign altered with spray painted graffiti 
The man in the hat is holding up a sign. 
A three way stop sign with graffiti and a street name sign.
A small child is using two shovels to clear snow from a sidewalk.
A street with the word STOP painted in white.
Two men in a field playing with a Frisbee.
A school bus parked outside a brick building in the city
a green sign is in front of a large building
A 4-way stop sign with several buildings in the background.
A stop sign written in two different languages
a person stretching to hit a serve playing tennis
A leaning "hump" sign on the side of a two lane road.
Person reaching up a telephone pole by a fire hydrant.
Unique STOP sign posted in front of a large church. 
 A variety of signs are attached to a pole.
A stop sign and a road sign on a street corner. 
A woman walking down the street alone at night.
A man posing against a light post on a street
a sign for Bras Basah Road next to a pedestrian stopwalk
A stop sign with some black graffiti on it
A speed limit sign on the side of a neighborhood street
A subway train is waiting at the station.
A parking lot filled with cars and stop signs.
A police car and a fire truck are at the scene of a possible fire.
Commuters walk back and forth through the busy city streets. 
A view of the woods from a car of knocked down trees. 
A stop sign in front of a parking lot in a mountainous area has been vandalized.
Stop sign at the corner of Agnes Street on winter day
Two individuals sit on motorcycles on a busy street in the rain.
A parking meter by a white truck with emblem on door in angled parking space in a parking lot with other cars and building behind.
a red and white train and a man riding a bicycle
A stop sign is vandalized to say Don't Stop Belivin.
The person skis through the snow covered street. 
The dump trucks are lined up down the road.
A stop sign has been decorated with extra words and glittery paper on the pole.
A red stop sign sitting under a one way sign.
a red stop sign and a green street sign
View of a stop sign with weeds growing at base.
Traffic lights in front of a hill with trees.
Someone tried to get a picture of some trees but got part of a stop sign
a bunch of snow piled around a bright fire hydrant 
A group of motorcycles by a street together.
a long green passenger bus making its way around a corner
A 4-way stop sign in front of a school.
A stop sign at the entrance to a road closed for construction.
A stop sign on side of street with rocks in the background.
The train engine is different than the ones we have in the USA.
A close up of the front of a yellow school bus.
A car driving down a small street surrounded by buildings.
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.
Bicycles locked to a stop sign outside of a store. 
A stop sign at the end of a walk way.
A stop sign and a few stop light in the distance on a dark night. 
A building has a connection with a street going under it.
Close up of the word stop on a stop sign.
A stop sign and a ferry sign share a pole on the beach
A white truck parks in front of a church.
Several motorcyclists driving down a street into an intersection. 
A close up of a red and white stop sign.
A woman in a hat and glasses with a stop sign.
There is a stop sign near a train going by.
A bunch of bikes on thei chains by a air pump
The skull bag shows displeasure for the parking meter.
Various traffic signals down a road in the city.
A person skateboards down the street in a neighborhood.
A car parked next to a digital parking meter.
A machine that dispenses tickets for some mode of transportation.
The side of the brick building has a parking meter. 
A blank, white brick wall stands behind a parking meter.
A parking meter in front of a painted metal structure
A roundabout with a clock tower and various flowers around it.
An antique parking meter sits in a covered garage.
A woman with a black umbrella crosses a city street in the rain.
There is a handmade wooden doll  sitting on top of the coin-operated parking meter.
A cat lying underneath a car in a parking lot.
A bicycle locked to a parking meter with books on it
A small boy standing next to a bike and a parking meter.
a couple of parking meters are in front of a white wall
a parking meter near a tree near bushes 
A parking meter on a sidewalk next to a building.
A woman on a sidewalk with paint painting the fire hydrant.
A parking meter stands near melting snow in a parking lot.
Tall standing parking meter on the side of a side walk.
A beautiful young woman standing next to a man with her bicycle
A small black car drives past a police car.
A red car parked next to a group of people sitting on benches.
a man looking at a newspaper whiile standing next to a tree 
A line of parked cars on the side of a busy road.
a fire truck with it's lights on making it's way down the road 
A white car parked at a meter on a curb side.
Three men have an encounter with a law enforcement officer.
a street sign above a box attached to a street pole
a bunch of parking meters are lined up
a parking meter that has been drawn all over
A parking meter sitting beside an empty street.
A parking meter has a candle on top of it.
Motorcycles and a car parked on the street in front of stores
A car is parked next to a parking meter.
Curbside parking for motorcycles on one way street.
Child's doll with wide eyes balanced between two parking meters.
A man sitting by himself on a park bench.
A parking meter reads the time "23" next to a parked car.
All of those bikes look exactly the same.
A silver car next to a parking meter.
Two dogs laying back to back on a sidewalk while a man is sitting legs crossed near a building.
a parking meter for cyclist on a sidewalk
Two parking meters covered with fresh white snow
Bicycles are a standard form of travel in many cities.
Two machines open while sitting on the side of the road. 
Cars parked on a street during a sunny day.
Bicycle parked on the curb attached to a parking meter.
A shopping car going down a sidewalk next to a street.
A purple colored machine that is outside of a building.
A close up of two time expired parking meters
A small car in a small parking space.
A man who is jumping over a parking meter.
four motor cycle cops on a city street

A parking meter is displayed with a compact car behind it.
A parking meter with no time left in front of it.
A white luxury car in front of an apartment building marred by graffiti.
A bike locked to a pole in the snow.
This is the top of a parking meter. 
A bicycle propped up next to a parking meter.
The side of a building with windows and a sign
A row of cars is parked close together in outdoor parking spots.
A busy street with many cars and a parking meter.
a double parking meter on a city street
A parking meter stands next to a broken one in the snow at curbside. 
A dog tied to a fire hydrant at night.
A person that is outside in the street.
A four way stop sign written in two languages.
There is a pay here machine set up outside.
A vehicle passing near a sign advertising desserts.
there is a man that is looking at a parking meter
A stroller left by two parking meters at night.
A young lady wearing a black dress throwing a frisbee in the air. 
A person with a hat standing by a parking meter.
A man is standing on a sidewalk and looking at a building. 
a person in an orange vest walking across a paved street.
A man walking beside a woman holding an umbrella
A couple of people riding horses with Saint Patrick's attire on.
Two men standing around a parking meter while talking.
A solar powered parking meter on a street.
A large park across the street from a big building.
A little child is holding a parking meter and posing for a picture. 
A large yellow transport truck driving across a river.
a group of motorcycles are lined up against the sidewalk
There is snow on top of the parking meters. 
A building outdoors on a town street near some street signs. 
A open parking meter and a car on a street.
A man and a woman paying a parking meter.
A man in yellow vest on street next to traffic light.
Two police offers sitting on their horses talking. 
The parking meters sits on the side of the side walk.
A group of people walking down a street next to tall buildings.
A parking meter is on the sidewalk and there are several cars parked.
A parking meter and a car in one spot.
A skateboarder making a big jump in a parking lot.
The cars are driving past the automated machine.
A street with parked cars next to a sidewalk with people walking.
A man and woman carrying an umbrella down a city street.
Two people walking down a street with a child in it
a bus that is parked next to a coin meter
A mailbox covered in graphitti next to a fire hydrant.
This of the street is coned off and barricaded.
THREE MOTORCYCLES PARKED OUTSIDE OF A STORE FRONT.
Parking meters are placed along an empty street.
Orange road closed sign by orange and white cones.
A group of parking meters stand on an empty street.
A parking meter on the side of the road.
A parking meter with a picture of a man holding a gun on it's side.
An SUV parked next to a parking meter on a sidewalk.
A man walks along a sidewalk adjacent to parked cars. 
people sitting down in front of a store
A woman walking down a city street wearing striped pants.
A man videotaping a skateboarder in a busy public square.
Three women standing together looking in their wallets and purses . 
Two parking meters standing side by side one with a glove on top.
a large building with windows going to the ceiling
A view of a street corner in the middle of a city.
Two guys with skateboards standing on  a hill
A group of people riding a bus down a street.
Two parking meters next to a sign on the side of the road.
A dog in a basket being carried by its owner.
The tall sign prohibits parking on the street.
A man is walking with a bag and holding his head down. 
A man in a business suit standing on a curb.
A man is putting money into a parking meter.
two people laying in the grass at a park
A man and woman standing in front of a man leaning on a parking meter.
A car and a parking meter on a road.
A person that is on ski's in the snow.
Trash on the ground near a park bench and a full trashcan.
This thing can't legally be moved without assistance from the proper people.
There is fresh snow covering the parking meter.
a paying machine on the road besides the buildings
Two parking meters with a coffee cup in public.
Twin parking meters are on the side of a road near the ocean.
A parking meter on a sidewalk next to a car.
Cars parked by parking meters buried in snow on a street near buildings.
A classic image of a city with cars parked on the street. 
Two parking meters show the time left on them
A parking meter sits next to a paved road.
Passengers are standing in a line in front of the door of bus.
A red car parked on the street in front of a parking meter.
The front of a car is touching the parking meter.  
A bicycle is attached to a parking meter on the side of a road
A parking meter sitting on the side of a road.
A bike covered in snow, in the middle of a street corner.
Two grey parking meters with trees in the background.
A business sign is displayed over a city street.
Two people on a motorcycle with another one in the background 
The person is walking on the sidewalk alone at night
Only the top of the parking meters show through the deep snow.
a close up of a parking meter on a city street
A close up of an old fashioned coin operated parking meter.
there are two parking meters that are covered in snow
a yellow fire hydrant on an empty road
A couple of parking meters sitting in front of a building.
A solar panel powers a public phone booth. 
A meter on a city street with a car pulling up
A car is parked by a fence in the city.
A tour bus with an open back on a busy city street.
A blue parking meter on the edge of an empty street.
A group of people standing around each other near a fountain.
there is an old vintage car that is parked at a meter
two meters standing side by side in front of a fur store
a red motorcycle parked next to a car
Many cars are parked on the busy street.
Parking meters in the foreground with a building and cars in view.
A red stop sign sits in the snow along suburban streets.
A parking lot filled with parking meters and a white trash can.
A very crowded street sign pointing to attractions in multiple directions
A parking meter on top of a bridge next to a pole.
This youngster is barely tall enough to reach the meter
A parking meter that has a blond wig on top.
A car parking lot at night with cars parked and a "Pay Here" sign.
Two black parking meters standing side by side.
A close up of a flower with a blurry parking meter in the background.
Close-up of a sign on a coin operated parking meter
A catering truck rests at the side of the road
an image of man riding his bike down the street
A parking meter is shown with no time remaining.
A parking meter sits beside a street intersection where cars are parked.
Bicycle parked at meters nearly buried in snow.
a nice road is covered in car and other things 
A woman putting coins into a parking meter.
A man wearing a black shirt and sunglasses while adjusting his shirt.
a man is seen walking pass a store front window
a shopping card is stood on end and bike locked to a parking meter
a man is working near a parking meter outside
a mail truck and a truck driving on a street outside some shops
A lawn chair on a snowy sidewalk in the rain
A man emptying the pay to park meters.
Two parking meters are located at the side of the road
A row of parking meters on the sidewalk next to a white van. 
A building with a plane sticking out the front
A group of young men and women gathered in the median on a city street.
A closed sign on the door of the Hotel Diamond in Oregon
A parking meter sign and parking ticket machine.
The parking meter has either expired time, or requires repair.
A street scene with a couple taxis lined up.
a double parking meter near a building 
An city street at night with a traffic light. 
A group of men playing frisbee with each other. 
A bus driving down a street with very tall buildings.
A boy with a backpack leaning by a pole with a sign on it. 
A parking lot ticket machine stands at the entrance of a parking area.
A very close up view of a parking meter by the road.
A parking meter casts a crooked shadow upon a brick wall
A traffic control car parked in a parking spot 
Several parking meters on a sidewalk lined up near each other.
many vehicles on a city street near buildings
A woman with brunette hair paying her parking toll.
Pair of black parking meters sitting in front of a building. 
A green " Please Pay AT Pay Box " covering over a parking meter.
A parking filled with parking meters and palm trees.
Five meter readers on a sidewalk of a shopping center. 
a parking meter on a city street leaning
Two parking meters covered with snow on a street.
a man looking at a big hot dog in his hands
A parking meter next to a planet on a window.
a hand resting on a parking meter and a black car
Two parking meters and one covered with a paper bag. 
A red car is parked by a parking meter.
A solar power parking meter on a city street
A woman in sun glasses standing beside a parking meter.
A black parking meter has graffiti on it.
A group of people that are standing in front of a table with pizza.
Large industrial truck parked on side of city street with people out front.
Parking meters and cars on a snowy street.
a parking meter and a car on a city street
A parking meter with a bridge in the background.
A payphone booth on the boardwalk of a beach.
Two people walk on the wet sidewalk carrying umbrellas.
A sign advertising Chinese dim sum style lunch and dinner.
A number is painted on the gravel road
A man is standing next to a meter with a meter maid.
A man is eating a small bagel with a box in his lap.
A window with a red frame showing the reflection of a building.
A parking meter is standing next to a brick wall in a parking lot.
A picture of a machine built next to a street. 
a street sign on the corner of a city street
A parking meter sitting on the side of a road.
a police car parked near a fire hydrant
The trucks was parked on the side of the street along with the bikes
an image of an old fashioned parking meter
Looking along the curb outside a library at parking spaces and a bus stop
A sing in front of a brick wall that is painted purple.
The parking meter is in front of a cityscape of buildings. 
a parking meter knocked down along the street
View of an empty urban street from the sidewalk.
A man is putting change in to the parking meter
Several different parking meters beside a brick building.
A high-tech parking meter in front of a parked car.
A woman walking down a street holding an umbrella.
some cardboard cutouts sitting behind a large glass window 
A parking meter stands next to a busy road.
White car behind digital parking meter and construction truck in background.
The couple are looking to cross a busy street in the city. 
A black car withe license plate SUPABAAD parked next to a parking meter.
The store front of a pizza parlor with a neon sign.
Two mopeds and two bicycles locked up in a row.
A parking meter with a zone three sticker on it.
A Pico Bl street sign tilting to the left.
The meter is ready for someone to pay to park
A man holds a guitar on an urban street corner near parked vehicles.
A lighted city side walk at night with street signs.
railroad train number 478 coming down the tracks
A parking meter with a two hour limit. 
Two blue and black parking meters sitting on a sidewalk.
SEVERAL POTTED PLANTS AND YARD ORNAMENTS ON THE SIDEWALK
A couple of parking meters on a street.
Two parking meters across the street from a parking lot
a red bus parked behind a green bus on the road
A parking meter sign next to a  road with tall buildings.
Rain pouring down on the street and a large sun umbrella
There are cars and buildings from a city in the 50 's.
A city street and sidewalk that has various store signs attached to the fronts of the buildings, over the sidewalk area.
A shiny motorcycle is parked on a city sidewalk.
A car covered with snow parked in front of a meter.
Yellow police motorcycle parked in front of a car
A parking meter is standing by itself on the side
Two silver parking meters indicating instructions on it. 
A man standing next to a parking meter next to parked cars.
A bicycle locked to a parking meter on sidewalk.
A young girl standing on an upside down bucket on a lawn
Several cars parked on a street have broken windows due to being crushed and have ropes running through them; onlookers spectate
A parking meter near a snowy curb and parked cars. 
a bus prepares to make a turn on the street
Old cars are lined up on the street while three billboards take the lead.
a parking meter pay station on an empty street with no cars or people
a silver car is parked against a curb
a guy walks across a big stone walk way 
A parking meter that is in front of a green building.
a parking meter with a car parked at it
A red car turns into a space in a parking lot.
An old, black and white street scene is pictured.
A woman that is sitting near a coin meter.
a lamp next to a parking meter on a city street
an old black and white photo of two people
A rusted parking meter sitting next to a parking lane.
A row of parking spaces and parking meters in a downtown area
a public transit bus on a city street
A parking meter is shown next to a tree.
A stop sign is shown on the corner of the street.
A parking meter on the side of a city street.
A sign advertising a festival on H Street, NE, Washington D.C.
Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.

cars parked on one side of the street and empty  parking meters on the other side
Woman in black and white striped shirt holding umbrella.
Car covered in snow parked at a curb next to a meter.
The little girl has an umbrella and the adult does not.
Blue parking meters covered in painting next to a road.
A black car on the street next to a parking meter.
A parking lot near a building is empty.
A sidewalk next to a cafe and bar
a man on a motorcycle driving down the road
A coin operated parking meter in the Visitor Parking area
The road has orange traffic cones on it
Two parking meters on a street by a wall.
A parking meter near a curb and a parked car. 
A parking meter sitting idle in the shade.
A dog with a  bandana on sitting next to a parking meter.
A parking meter is on the wall of a soldiers' mural.
A woman in business attire walking on a sidewalk and talking on a cell phone.
A street under a traffic light and street sign in city.
A student walks in the rain with a green umbrella.
A red parking meter on top of a pavement 
A guy standing by a disc up in the air.
A car driving down a street past a traffic light.
Many people walk on the sidewalk near very tall buildings.
A rural street at an intersection with cars in the distance parked on the curb.
two street meters attached to the same pole on the road
a close up of vandalized parking meter on a city street
A black and white photo of a man begrudgingly walking with his suitcase.
A man sits on a motorcycle near a building.
Looking down an empty US street lined with palm trees
there is a drawing next to a car timer
A street sign sits in front of a street lined with buildings.
Cars and pedestrians on a city street next to an apartment building.
A car and a sign on a city street.
A parking meter sitting next to two signs.
A small cart driving past a parking meter on a sidewalk.
an open parking spot between some cars outside
Young girl in black running in front of a yellow and purple building.
A meter maid checking a meter on the side of the road.
A woman stands next to a box on the street.
Car and van parked in front of a family home.
A dual sided parking meter near a highway.
People are on a sidewalk with parking meters.
A parking meter laying on the sidewalk surrounded by shards of concrete.
a parking meter on a rural street and a parked car
Two deer running across a road towards a forest.
Two buildings of different heights are next to each other.
Parking meter displaying it is broken from note
A pair of car meter's sitting behind a parked truck.
A large white bus drives on a narrow street.
A pole holding two expired parking meters.  
A wall of grafitti behind a parking meter.
A dentist sign hangs prominently on a storefront door
Strange helmets on pillars line up on a sidewalk.
A bicycle is chained to a tree on a sidewalk
A parking meter on the sidewalk near handicapped access signs
A person bends over on a sidewalk next to a parking meter in front of two parked cards.
An electronic, paid parking meter in the city.
some buildings with a motorcycle parked in front
A row of motorcycles parked on a side walk near a street.
there is a small red machine on a silver pole
A street scene with a man on the sidewalk holding a sign.
A parking meter in the snow on a city sidewalk 
A blue old fashioned truck parked in front of a building.
A corner of a street with lots of street signs.
A picture of a street as snow is almost melted.
Cars are parked in driveways in deep snow.
Three ladies walking down the street at night.
a parking meter is being taken over by a herd of bees
Person giving the middle finger to a parking meter. 
A close up of an old fashioned parking meter.
A couple of people that are holding umbrellas in the rain.
A stop sign stands on a street corner.
Cars are shown parked along a street, in a vintage photograph.
Two children dressed in red are holding on to parking meters.
a woman wearing brown boots is walking her dog across a street
a bike chained onto a double parking meter
A canopy is over the entrance to a business.
Someone walking their dog in the middle of the street
A meter of some kind against a blue background 
Several people, some on bikes, some on foot, crossing a street at a crosswalk. 
a city public transportation bus making a right hand turn
A black and silver parking meter on sidewalk next to trees.
the nail salon is on the corner of the street
these are two parking meters on the side of the road
A packing meter on the pavement and a dust bin 
A bike sit against a meter next to a concrete wall in the partial sunlight.
A pair of motorcycle riders about to begin a ride.
A man walking next to a parking meter near another man.
An intersection with a stop light on a city street.
A modern parking meter sits at the side of a road.
A car parked on top of the curb next to a meter pole
Two gray parking meters on the side of the road.
A flower in a vase sits next to a parking meter head.
A man is emptying a parking meter with a bucket.
A coin meter that is laying down on grates.
A parking meter sitting outside of a building.
A dog on the street with bicycle and people walking in the background.
A car is parked on a street next to a parking meter. 
A blue and yellow lock box standing next to a street.
A parking meter and some cars in a garage.
Two parking meters nearly buried in heavy snow.
A man walks in front of a storefront whose sign is missing some letters.
a woman is designing a pole with art
A guy walking on a side walk past a parking meter.
the car is parked on the road, next to a hill of snow
A car is parked next to a parking meter.
The box on the street has a picture of a parking meter on it.
A bunch of parking tolls near a concrete wall with numbers
A toilet sitting beside a parking meter station
A speed limit sign on a pole with snow all around 
An old photo of two cars sitting outside a bank.
A street scene at night of a police car behind another.
A parking meter and a pole on the street.
Graffiti decorates the side of a parking meter.
A parking meter with an hour and thirteen minutes left to go. 
A man sits on a ledge with a phone in his hands.
A young man with ear phones holding something.
a woman in a green dress and some parking meters
a parking meter sitting by the side of the road 
A tall building with lots of windows and a doorway.
Blue car parked curb side next to a meter
A covered picnic area in a park that's empty
A close up of a hand written notes that stuck on a parking meter

A decorative blue bench along a city street.
a man on a skateboard performing a trick
A large truck with enclosed trailer sits on the edge of the curb
a black parking meter on a green pole
there are many cars that are waiting for the light to turn green 
some parking meters sitting on the side of the road 
A clock pole next to people sitting at a table.
A parking meter buried in snow by the street 
A green with yellow spot plastic frog between two parking meters.
A street scene complete with cars, streetlights and street signs.
Two photos of a traffic circle and it's signs in a European city
A toilet is sitting outside on a sidewalk near a building.
Many cards are parked at the bottom of r large bridge.
A red bike locked up next to a a pay meter.
A parking meter and cars along a street.
a couple walking in the rain using and umbrella
all of the parking meters on this street are covered with plastic bags
A parking meter sits on the curb on the side of the street.
A coin operated parking meter in Old Pasadena 
Large assortment of suitcases lined up on sidewalk of busy city.
A sign in a city street is stating no peddling.
Two gas pumps sitting next to a gas station.
A photo has been taken of a church near a parking meter
Two men look at papers on an outdoor inflatable red table.
A pair of underwear placed on a parking meter
A frog puppet in between two parking meters
A truck front door parked close to a parking meter
A parking meter next to a parked car and cobblestone street.
A pole on the sidewalk is painted with the image of a giraffe.
A parking meter displays the time left for parking.
A delivery truck for a library parked by a meter.
Parking kiosk and bus stop next to cars on a city street
A man sitting on a park bench with blanket and bag beside him.
The signal for pedestrians to walk is displayed on street corner. 
some cars driving by the side of the road
TWO WINDOWS WITH A WHITE PAINTED SMILE AND A RED COVERED METER
A man walking down the sidewalk with a cart.
A couple of cars that are parked in the street.
A yellow and green fire hydrant on a city street.
There is a broken microwave just laying on the sidewalk.
a parking meter with a piece of paper on the front of it 
there are two parking meters that are attached to each other
An old parking toll that is on the side of the street. 
a man with a backpack talking to several people
An old lady with her hand on a parking meter.
A woman with a dog on a leash looking up in a tree.
A truck parked on the street beside a parking meter.
a red and silver fire hydrant some parking meters and cars
 A woman walking down the sidewalk pulling suitcases.
A parking meter on the side of the road.
Blue car driving down the side of the road next to building. 
An older brick building with two store fronts.
some shops a person walking and a parking meter
A modern style automated type parking meter near the road.
Two parking meters on the street at dark.
A meter covered in graffiti is placed between a wooden walkway and plants.
A view of street from curb with cars parked on side of street, rows of parking meters, trash bin, with trees.
Men cross the street at a busy street corner.
A close up of a parking meter situated on a city street.
A unicycle sits on the street next to a parking meter.
Deserted shopping cart by a parking meter with trash around it
There are parking meters alongside of the railroad.
a trail with a wooden bridge in the middle of it 
Cars are parked at the intersection of Mickey and Flaming Lips Alley.
A person touching the coin loading area of a parking meter.
A parking meter on the street in front of a car.
A parking meter with orange barriers around it.
a black white picture showing a parking meter and a car
A view of two parking meters and a car across the street in front of a white house.
The cat is riding on top of the backpack.
A white fire hydrant in front of an intersection. 
Car buried in snow next to what might be a gas pump.
A doll is placed between two parking meters 
a close up of a painted parking meter on a street
A truck is parked on a busy roadway
Two parking meters but only one is in use.
there is a parking pay meter on the sidewalk 
People standing on a sidewalk next to a parking meter.
A bench sits in front of a city street.
A close up of a parking meter in an empty parking lot.
A lone curved parking meter on a city street.
A person riding a bike down the street beside a sidewalk.
A parking meter on the side of the road is covered in snow.
Scooter parked on sidewalk on city street.near meters.
A man wearing a yellow parka inserting coins into a parking meter.
A parking meter with a sign on it sits on the street while a white house is across the street.
RED SUV PARKING NEXT TO THE PARKING METERS
a shuttle bus going down the road towards people
Motorcycles parked all up and down both sides of a street.
A car is in a parking lot at night.
A bicyclist rides past a truck with its rear door open.
A parking meter is recycled into a donation station.
Wooden sign hanging on bent parking meter in the snow
A man using his visa card on a parking meter.
A yellow scooter is chained to a pole next to a yellow fire hydrant.
A sliver car parked on street with light posts in the background.
The three little girls are dressed in bright raingear in the country setting.
a couple of police officers stand in front of a parking meter 
a parking meter and the reflection of the meter and a car
Two parking meters sit side by side on the street
A town with a building, street lights, and a bridge. 
Old coin operated parking meters with the innards removed
A sign that says Can't stop the dance on a street pole.
Some very old vintage cars parked near the street.
a man walking his dog down a sidewalk next to some cars 
A small white truck is parked next to a parking meter
a close up of an electronic parking meter
A man looks on as a woman places money in a parking meter. 
A dog is tied to a street fixture on a sidewalk.
A parking meter curbside on a city street.
A traffic light sitting on the side of a road.
The officer is off of his horse to write tickets.
at night the shop showing lights inside and cars outside parked
A shadow next to a parking meter on a sidewalk.
A motorcycle is parked on a cobblestone road
An old man in a leather jacket holding a sand-which on the sidewalk.
A little girl playing with a kite in the grass.
Pedestrians walk in the street passed a stop sign.
A bus is making its way down the street in pursuit of an airport.
there is a person putting money in the parking meter
A parking meter on the street is painted with multiple colors.
A woman dressing a parking meter with a knit squid covering.
Cars parked on the street next to a side walk.
A series of parking meters and cars are located next to each other. 
Street graffiti drawn on a parking meter on a bright day.
a motor bike is parked in front of some people
A giant plate of pizza in front of a woman eating.
A double parking meter curbside with a public car park across the street.
A car parked on a steep hill near some buildings
A sidewalk with many parking meters going all the way down the street.
Two parking meters along the curb of a city street with parked vehicles.
The flowers on the tree by the parking meter are beautiful.
Two people standing by a bright green wall.
A parking meter on the roadside and a floral hedge
Cars parked along the side walk with street signs in the background.
a parking meter decorated with fuzzy pink and colorful materials
Two cars facing each other in a darkly lit parking lot. 
The man is doing construction work while the other watches.
The car looks like a blur as it speeds past.
A stop sign on the sidewalk at the edge of an intersection.
A street scene with a restaurant in the background.
A parking meter with a charity sign on it stands on a sidewalk. 
A street corner with cars parked along it and pedestrians.
Two green parking meters in front of a business.
A sidewalk with many cars parked by it.
A couple stands next to an older shiny car 
A parking meter sitting on the side of a sidewalk.
Two women walking a dog as another woman stands by looking the other way.
A woman is sitting on the curb with a decorated parking meter.
this is a parking meter with a ribbon around it
A three tier cake with red and white balloons on it.
A couple of parking meters baried in the snow.
A traffic light above a busy traffic dense street.
A car behind a parking toll where you can put coins in it to park. 
A parking meter near a curb on a city sidewalk.
A rust covered parking meter sits near the sidewalk.
A stylish black BMW parked at a city meter
Two parking meters that you can pay for by phone
Two motorcycles parked on a street beside a telephone pole.
a close up of a parking meter 
a parking meter is covered in some snow
A parking meter with a sticker on the back.
A parking meter on a street with many large buildings in the background.
A busy street corner populated with people at night.
A traffic light and some cars on a city street.
People are standing around a large parking machine.
A woman in a dress is putting money in a parking meter. 
you can see a man from in between two parking meters 
A single parking meter on the side of a street.
There is a bird standing by a parking meter on the pavement.
a stop sign upside down on a pole 
An orange food truck parked next to a tree.
A stop sign on a street near a building.
A number of boxes on a sidewalk some of which are attached to a wrought iron gate
A parking meter with a sign reading, "Meter remains as a courtesy to cyclists"
The reflection of a man standing next to a parking meter. 
This is a parking meter at the edge of a construction zone.
a street sign near a parking meter 
A striped bus travels down a city street at night.
two women in the drivers seat of a horse drawn carriage
A railroad sign is prominently shown in front of parked cars.
A parking meeter stands before a parking lot covered in litter. 
THERE IS AN IAMGE OF A CITY CARS PARKED
A red parking meter sits on the sidewalk.
Two parking meters that accept coins or credit cards.
Coin operated parking meter converted to donation collector
A man with helmet riding  a bicycle on a sidewalk
A truck is driving through a city intersection.
A car is parked on the street near a parking meter.
A car parked on the curb next to mailboxes. 
A bicycle parking pay thing on a pole on the side of the road.
A closeup of a parking meter that reads "time expired."
A meter in front of a rock face wall
Cars line up to coin meters on at a busy sidewalk
A cop car is parked in front of an expired meter.
A metal looking tall box is wrapped in plastic.
a red bicycle is parked next to a parking meter and some cars
A sidewalk is littered with leaves on a rainy day.
The sidewalk of a busy street has a yellow fire hydrant on it.
A sign around a parking meter says that it's not a parking meter. 
a blue bicycle is parked up against a parking meter
A red electric car parked into a street side charger.
A woman walking down a street talking on the phone.
A parking meter by a white truck with emblem on door in angled parking space in a parking lot with other cars and building behind.
A woman sits on the brick column using her cell phone.
A black digital parking meter in front of cars.
A parking sign and a fire hydrant. 
A large number of parking meters displayed in a lawn.
A parking meter with 9 minutes remaining in front of a red car.
white dog statue in shop window by the steet
A man taking a picture and smiling at the camera.
A rainbow colored parking meter stands on a curb.
A horse pulling a wagon down the middle of a street.
A street with some signs and a building near the street
a toilet is out on the sidewalk next to a machine
a parking meater on a street corner next to cars
A parking meter with silly string around it.
A car parked on the side of a street next to a parking meter.
A man riding a skateboard while playing on a guitar.
A Smart Car parked next to an automated parking meter.
Two people biking down the sidewalk with water behind them
An artist puts a butterfly display over a fire hydrant
A old blue rusted meter is standing on the side of a street, in front of a plant pot.
Parking meters stand on the side of a deserted street.
The fireman is leaning on the parking meter.
A man is cross country skiing in a field.
A pair of parking meters near a bus.
A street view with a close up of two parking meters.
A woman is smiling as she hold up bananas.
Spray painted letter on an electronic parking meter
A black-and-white photo of an old street scene with cars parked along the road.
A broken fire hydrant is shown on this empty street.
A sign that is outside of a theater.
traffic lights  showing at the night near some waters
A truck driving around with a bed full of furniture.
A variety of cars are parked on the side of the road.
A expired parking meter that reads " Time Expired".
A bicycle in front of a city cafe
A woman with an umbrella walks down the street.
The car has a ticket on the windshield, and the meter is expired.
a few parking meters on a concrete  bridge
Two parking meters have the number four on them.
A man repairing a parking meter sitting on the side of a road.
A parking meter reserved for the disabled outside of a boutique
A group of telephones that are standing near yellow poles.
a tall building stands far above the city line
A woman puts change into a parking meter.
This is and old parking money meter next to a parking
A stop sign is shown slightly leaning on the corner.
A deer like animal standing on a sidewalk next to a fire hydrant.
a bike on the side of a street by a parking meter
Three white dogs sitting in a parked car, next to traffic.
A car parked at an expired parking meter.
A fork stuck in the coin slot of a parking meter.
The street sign is pointing towards the library
A family using umbrellas to keep out of the rain
Person in a jester costume looking at a parking meter.
A dog is tied to a cart on the side of a motorcycle
A close shot of a lady near a couple of parking meters. 
A parking lot with a little hut to pay for parking
An Old Pasadena parking meter has a green car behind it.
A parking meter shows 29 minutes have passed.
A parking meter that has graffiti written on it
An older man in a pirate outfit is walking down the street in a big city while talking on the phone
Pole with a parking meter by the curb where a car is parked.
A man walking down the street beside a parking meter.
A small parking meter has expired beside a busy street.
A large flock of sheep standing in a street
A pedestrian walks down a city street at night full of lit up signs.
A green parking meter on a city street.
An older model car parked on the street next to a parking meter.
there is a parking meter that is painted yellow
A machine that has a slot for change or for paper money has grafiti written on it.
Two old parking meters stand side by side.
A woman holding a baseball bat over a base.
A man riding on a skateboard on top of a table.
A man on a snowboard is jumping in the snow
some benches sitting next to some bare trees
People standing next to an old fashioned locomotive.
Two benches on a sandy beach on a cloudy day.
A woman pulls a suitcase on wheels on the ground.
A tennis player in mid-air after he returns a ball.
Two cats on a wooden bench in the grass.
Two women smile as they hug on a tour boat.
A black and white photograph of people on a bench table.
Cars parked on a street during a sunny day.
Portable toilets on wheels parked on a main street.
A wide walkway allows for walks along the river.
Boys in their uniforms playing a game of baseball.
A group of pigeons walking around next to a group of benches.
A dessert and a cup of coffee sit next to a book and a purse.
Large motorized model plane parked beside air field.
a couple of birds standing on a dock 
A group of children on a patio share pizza.
A skateboarder talks with another man at a park.
A man kissing a woman while they sit on a bench on a sidewalk.
There is a pay here machine set up outside.
Men and children are sitting atop a large elephant.
a woman petting a black cat sitting on a bench 
A man with a large bear wearing a brown hat.
A woman looking to her left while on a bench by a teddy bear.
a bench sits inside of a garden with flowers 
A skateboarder attempting a trick in a park
A group of people having a party on a beach.
Pink flowers sitting in a flower pot full of water. 
The shadow of a black bench in the sunshine. 
A baseball player swinging his bat, with the catcher and umpire behind him.
a couple of red benches are by the windows
some baseball players in a dugout with bats and a fan
a group of people standing next to each other with tennis rackets
A dog sitting and watch a child eat cake surrounded by adults sitting on a bench.
A room filled with shelves that have words written on them. 
A young child in a park next to a red bench and red bicycle that as training wheels.
A large group has gathered around beach chairs and umbrellas.
a green bench on the sand and some water 
A VERY LARGE DOUBLE DECKER TRAIN IS ON THE LEFT
Three young men in decorated uniforms sit on a bench together.
Two men smiling while riding in a bus.
An old man is sitting on a bench.
A group of people in public using their laptops.
two white dogs with leashes sitting on a bench
Professional baseball players are in the infield warming up.
A professional tennis player swinging at a tennis ball.
A bench that is placed by some bushes.
a boy sitting on a bench at the park
A man walking down the street with a cane while others sit on a bench.
A metal bench against a wall with a sign on it
A baseball player is at the ready with his bat.
Some police officers on horses in the road.
A playground in the dark illuminated only by street lamps.
A woman has a bright umbrella walking past benches.
Three people sitting on a bench looking out at a river.
A bench that is shaped like a semi circle, with a man sitting in it.
A woman sits on a bench while holding a young baby.
A man prepares to swing his bat during a baseball game. 
A crow sits on the back of a bench. 
A bike resting against a tall, free-standing red clock.
A boy touching a bench and holding a skate board.
This is a wide angle shot of the interior of a basilica.
A man is carrying a tray of snacks while people eat at picnic tables.
A bench sitting on the ground near trees and grass.
A person is riding a horse around a dressage course.
Two yellow boats and one blue one are docked.
a man is standing next to a surfboard outside
a city street street with building, cars, and trees.
A WOMAN IS SITTING DOWN TALKING ON THE PHONE 
A television plays in orange, dimly lit room
Older man sitting on bench in front of water fountain
Woman in a blue dress serving on a tennis court.
A boy swinging a baseball bat on a baseball diamond. 
A man is playing tennis on a tennis court with people watching.
Few motorcycles parked next to each other on a parking lot. 
A white  bench overlooking a picturesque hill scene.
An elephant with a bench on its back standing by some rails.
A group of flowers are shown in a bowl.
a wooden bench on the edge of a grass bank next to a body of water
A green bench is on a cobblestone sidewalk.
A skateboarder trying to do a track on a ramp.
A group of people sitting below a white sign.
A group of people in a park play Frisbee.
Kids stand and sitting by a wall on a summer day.
a man on a skateboard doing a trick in a public plaza
A group of school children and parents stand in a schoolhouse in Africa.
A woman in casual clothes holds a bat at home plate in a baseball museum.
A wooden bench sitting in the middle of a forest.
A skateboarder videotapes another skateboarder as he prepares for a trick.
A young woman holding a tennis racquet in her hands.
A bunch of kids in baseball uniforms is sitting on the bench.
A bench on a grassy field sits in front of a pond. 
A woman hods a stuffed pig close to her
The skateboards were left by the bench i the park. 
A train with the door open near a platform.
Business is slow at the local bathroom sink shop
A man in a jacket wearing a backpack looks at the mountains on a foggy day.
A soccer player holding the ball on the field 
a young person and an adult sitting with a sky in the background
three people seated on a bench located on a boarwalk
Adult, with a backpack, and two boys waiting on a bench.
MAN WALKING HIS DOG STOPPING AT A BENCH
Woman sitting all alone on bench in a city
Two people are sitting on a bench near some homes.
A Christmas ornament of two teddy bears sitting on a bench.
One of the Twins baseball players is up to bat.
A black man taking a nap on a public bench.
A group of old women sit on a city bench atop a flight of steps.
a ship out in the water next to a beach
A park bench sitting on a dirt trail in the forest.
A lonely bird sitting on a white bench. 
A man goes for a ride on an elephant.
An old wooden chair and a bird feeder in front of a fence.
A girl sitting on a bench in a park area.
A no parking sign in front of a park
People sitting on the side of the road with umbrellas and baskets of food. 
A tree with one orange on it in a yard.
One dog is sniffing the other dog 
A young person is having fun playing a game of tennis. 
A bench is standing in a book store.
The motorcycle stands alone parked on the concrete.
A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.
A red telephone booth sitting next to two wooden benches.
Five men tangled together riding a motorcycle on the road.
A tennis player stands by her equipment bag holding two rackets. 
A man sits on the bench in the sand
A guy playing baseball during the day outside.
The empty bench is sitting besides the peaceful body of water.
A train at a train station in the country
A couple of beautiful young ladies eating hot dogs together.
A group of three ponies standing next to a woman on a sidewalk.
A young man on a skateboard at a skating park
A woman sitting at a table at a library and working on her computer.
A cat sitting on a table looking straight ahead
Two men who are about to give each other a hi-five.
an old woman in glasses seated at the bench
a baseball player hitting a ball during a game
a large horse with a women petting it
Two men sitting on a park bench on a cobblestone plaza
A man in a ski suit riding skis through a park.
A boy sitting alone on a window bench.
Many people walking in a park in autumn.
A crowd of people watching people playing soccer.
An empty bench above the coastline, facing the horizon. 
Two women sitting on a bench surrounded by a stone building.
a baseball player takes a swing at a ball
An empty bench facing a pond in a park.
A large clock tower at the end of a path near a river.
A couple sitting together on a bench in a park near water.
A black and white bird sitting on the rung of a bench.
A red double-decker bus driving around the bend of a circle.
The skateboarder performs the aerial stunt as others stand by watching.
A boy doing a trick on a skateboard at night in a park. 
A double decker bus at a stop in a city
A wooden bench by a piece of wooden wall next to it. 
A tree stands near an empty picnic table and a picket fence.
a group of people ride atop of an elephant 
A woman on a motorcycle with her dog in glasses. 
A wooden outdoor bench with a tv remote on it.
A group of men on grassy field playing a game of frisbee.
A woman sitting on a bench with a statue and holding its hand.
There is a umbrella by the bench near the water. 
A bench next to some bushes and a tree.
a man and woman sitting next to one another smiling 
A baseball player holding a bat near a set of steps.
A person with a back pack sitting alone on a bench.
A cat sits outside on a wooden chair.
A man is taking photos of kites in the air. 
Park bench next to a field in winter.
A boy is resting on a bench in the public.
An outdoor foursome tennis match on a grass court. 
A man standing at the end of a table with lots of people sitting around it.
A pier with boats docked on the water.
A man is going after a freebie while someone is lying down next to a bicycle reading the newspapers on the lawn  in front of a house.
A city bus picking people up at a bus stop near a store.
Two girls play a game of tennis on a sunny day.
A classroom has a chalkboard, desks and a big blue chair.
A young man jumping a ramp on a skateboard.
A woman on a bench drinking a can soda.
a city bus stops at a bus stop
a man on a skate board does a trick in the air 
A middle aged man sitting on a bench.
a park bench with no one person sitting on it
A train is parked near a platform at the station.
The empty bench is facing the water across the sidewalk.
A bunch of benches that are sitting in the grass.
Two older men sit on an outdoor bench.
a woman ties her show on a wooden bench 
A clock sitting in the middle of a park.
A man works on the front window of a bus.
Man in grey shirt throwing a red frisbee at the park.
A reflection of a skateboarder is performing a rail.
A bench sitting under two trees next to a river.
A group of young people playing soccer in a field.
A brick patio with a bench and flower pots.
A man sits on a bench and plays his guitar.
A large bench over looks the water by a city.
The man sits on the bench next to an arrangement of food.
A fire hydrant stands surrounded by mulch with a white bench behind it.
A lot of ducks walking down the walkway in a park.
There is a metal cage attached to a tour bus.
a man with a hat reading a newspaper
A long corridor with a clock mounted to the ceiling.
A man posing in his Barber Shop Quartet outfit.
Construction is being done on a shopping complex.
A bicycle leans against a table near a door.
Several vehicles are moving along a city street.
A bench made of logs and set on a trail.
A bench that us sitting alone in a forest.
a close up of a fire hydrant on a city street
a young boy is at home plate in a baseball game
There are a lot of people walking in the train station
a picture of a diner in a small town with Pepsi signs. 
A woman rared back with her tennis racquet on a court.
An intersection in a downtown area of the city
PEOPLE RIDING ON ELEPHANTS ACROSS A BODY OF WATER.
a kid in yellow ready to kick the ball and audience watching
Two steel park benches by the side of a cemetery path.
Young boy in dapper blue and white suit and shoes.
Four young children compete during a game of soccer.
Two adults seated on a wooden bench near a river.
Several people sitting in a public area with a stone walkway.
a baseball player with a bat swings at a ball 
A woman with a dog on a leash looking up in a tree.
A male skateboarder at a skateboard park executing a move.
A wooden bench sits under a closed window.
There are six people sitting on benches outside of a building.
An arched outdoor walkway with benches is pictured.
Some people are playing frisbee in a valley.
A person asleep on a park bench, with an umbrella.
Skateboarder in mid-air as he prepares to land safely.
a group of people in a field of grass near a building
a man riding a bike down a sidewalk as others just sit
A parking bench on the sidewalk a rope is draped from it and in the distance are a bunch of parked cars.
A pot of flowers is sitting on a stone wall.
The horse is eating grass in the yard.
A boy smiles while holding a yellow bat.
A person wearing a hat made out of yellow bananas.
A man and a woman sitting on a pier bench and overlooking a harbor.
Three boats are docked at a wooden deck on a lake.
A kid on a skate board at the top of a ramp.
A skateboarder in mid air after a skateboard jump 
Four people sit on a bench in front of bushes with flowers
A group of men standing on a tennis court 
two men and two women sitting on a bench
Men eating many burgers and sodas on picnic tables.
A small garden with red, blue, and white flowers.
A soccer game is in a action on a field.
Many people are sitting on park benches in the black and white photo.
A man and a woman sitting on a park bench.
A park bench allocated as a Kodak Picture Spot at Disneyland
A married couple sits in a bench under a tree.
a small car facing the beach with the driver inside
a tennis player with a racket on the court
A van is driving through an alley way. 
a woman is sitting on a bench with a dog
A house cat siting in a basket underneath and bench.
A man extends his arm to throw a frisbee.
A man sitting on top of a bench in a  parking lot.
A woman standing in a corner talking on a cell phone.
A dragon kite and a nondescript kite fly together by the lighthouse beach on a sunny day.
Car is driving down a well lit area.
A man sits on a park bench watching the ocean.
A woman on a tennis court swinging her racquet.
The picnic tables sit amid a beautiful wooded area.
an image of a woman smoking a cigarette in the rain
A toddler on a sidewalk waving a bat.
A black and white photo of a woman sitting on a bench.
Small personal laptop computer sitting on a old wooden bench next to a white box.
A boat is moored next to a small dock with a bench on it.
A wooden benched covered in a bunch of snow.
Two women playing doubles tennis at a tennis match.
A man seated on a bench next to a river
Bench made from a log found ion a wooden path.
A per-school age girl with frosting on her mouth holding a plastic fork
a close up of a cat on a bench near a field
a man holding a red umbrella next to a woman on the ground.
Some people sitting on park benches near water
A painting of a man in brown jacket and hat sitting at a bench.
Black and white picture of three elderly women sitting on a park bench.
Man and woman sitting on bench contemplating a statue.
A young skateboarder jumps above his skateboard as others watch. 
A wooden table sitting below a bunch of windows.
A baseball player swinging a bat on top of a field.
The young men are taking a break from riding their skateboards. 
A man in a hat sits writing on a bench.
A green sign that is on top of a pole.
A lovely garden with shady trees and flowers.
A person walking by a tree on a street.
The people are waiting for the train to get there.
A small boat on land next to a set up tent outside
Two baseball players posing with their bats for a photograph.
A group of people that are sitting around a table.
A snow covered bench in a park during winter.
an orange peel sits on a wooden bench 
A man an woman are sitting under an umbrella on a park bench.
A train on a train track pulling into a station.
A clock tower in roundabout next to an ocean.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard while another dribbles a basketball.
Man on a motorcycle with three orange containers strapped to the back.
Three men, two of whom are sitting on a bench, feed the pigeons beside the water. 
A crowd of men in soccer uniforms run on the field with a soccer ball.
A woman sitting at a table smiling while holding a hot dog. 
A room with a brick fireplace roped off with logs near it.
An old green wood bench on a porch with a white railing.
A man rides a skateboard with a sail(?) in the street.
A sidewalk features a bench, a tree and a black and yellow fire hydrant.
A bench sitting on top of a grass covered yard.
A park bench with a tv on it and an umbrella next to it.
A group of people standing around a pile of luggage.
A man on a cell phone resting his legs on his luggage
A bunch of people are standing in a grassy field. 
A part of the land has broken off and fell into the river.
a girl is turned around on a wood bench
A courtyard is shown with trees and benches.
A woman and her bikes sit by the picnic table
A train pulling up to an outside platform.
A lady lying on the grass posing for two photographers.
A man is reading a newspaper while sitting on a bench.
Many people play a game of base ball on a field
Eight people standing in pairs of two and shaping their bodies like letters to spell a word.
Baseball players in a dugout watch as a man holds a baseball bat over the home plate of a baseball diamond.
A dining room features both chairs and a bench. 
a big double deck bus that is surrounded by snow
A dog walking by a bench and a man bent over looking at something.
A woman riding a skateboard in the street behind a man on a bicycle.
Park bench along a sidewalk in a green park with a couple walking in the grass.
A baseball player is in the process of swinging a bat.
A cat sitting on a wooden bench outside in a garden area.
people at an informal gathering eating under a tent
A woman looks crudely while a companion looks calmly.
A man sitting next to a woman with an adorable brown dog.
A bunch of vehicles that are parked under a white awning.
The woman sits near her purse as she eats a sandwich.
A person standing on a snowboard in the snow.
A man sits at a picnic table at the park
some people are playing tennis in a field
a long wood bench is in a park
Young, smiling woman in casual dress sits on a bench.
A person sitting on a bench and looking through a book.
A man is feeding a large piece of pizza to a small child.
A woman sitting down on a wooden bench.
A professional tennis player holding a racket during a game.
A black and white photo of an old weathered bench.
A group of people sitting around a table eating food.
a bus bench sitting on a side walk
a person near a ledge with a frisbee on it
A man approaching a train pulling into station
There is a large amount of ducks by the water. 
A black and white picture of dunes, two benches and a trash can
Some baseball players are about to play some ball. 
Woman relaxing on public bench resting her feet on a suitcase.
A large airplane and a bench in a field.
a person crossing the street while a motorcycle drive past behind him
A young man concentrates during a baseball game.
a group of skateboarders with one guy using the course
Man and woman standing near railing with elephants.
Two woman sitting beneath an umbrella to block the sun
A California travel guide book on a park bench. 
A man sitting on a bench surrounded by birds
The cat is sitting on the ground near the bench.
A full grocery cart sitting on the side of a road.
A room with a bed and lines and a chair 
An intersection with a stop sign and highway signs.
A boy wearing a hat looking to his left with a bowl of food and juice.
sliding down the half pipe on a skateboard. 
a video camera next to an umbrella and looking towards the water 
some teens are sitting on a bench together
A street sign in front of a mattress store.
A man at home plate hitting a ball with a bat.
A girl is sitting on a bench by a dog.
A bunch of people are standing on the street with umbrellas.
a bench on a beach near a large body of water
A baseball player is swinging at the ball.
Four girls enjoy a snack in the forest.
A bench at a park near the grass. 
A man laying on top of a motorcycle on a side walk.
Two very attractive women play a game of tennis.
A bench with a piece of trash in front of it and a statement carved in the back.
An empty park bench sits in front of a hedge and a grassy field.
A group of people with bags waiting to board a bus.
A small boat is on the beach in a crowd of people.
Two men who are eating hot dogs together.
An old wooden bench by a watered wall.
a person riding a skate board on a bench
A young man just about to swing at a ball that was pitched to him.
Several people ride in a horse drawn carriage.
A man is standing behind a statue of suitcases and a little girl.
A passenger train that is pulling into a station.
A stuffed panda bear is sitting on a bench near a Buddha statue. 
An old man riding a skateboard down a half pipe.
A bench under water in a park that has been flooded 
a happy woman and two bored kits with a box of donuts
A white dog chained to a red fire hydrant next to a bike. 
A boy holding his bat next to a 't-ball' stand.
A sandwich sits on a plate with pickle slices and sauerkraut. 
A boat near an old house with trees surrounding it
A man that is sitting on a bench near a wall.
a bench on a house porch with a statue of a head
A couple is posing together on a tennis court.
A black cat with green eyes on a wooden bench. 
A man reading a book on the subway 
two park benches on a snowy grass feild. 
Adults playing in grassy park with dog and trees
Her finger symbols might be a peace sign. 
A man in black shirt sitting on subway with a skateboard.
A man sitting on a park bench with pigeons walking around.
A red train is stopped in a train station.
A man is sitting on a wooden bench with two dogs.
A train pulling into the station at night.
A train stops at a station on the train tracks.
Two men prepare to go scuba diving together.
A man sitting on a bench talking on a phone with his hand in his pants.
A batter in the box at a baseball game.
a bunch of people that are leaning on a fence
Man sitting at a picnic table near the beach with his lunch.
a small cart sitting next to a shaded tree near the edge of a hill
Bench sitting in flood waters from near by river.
A photo of a little boy walking on the side of a pond.
A man stands outside a shop on the city street.
People stand and sit in a square in a European city.
People are playing Frisbee in a large swimming pool.
A man on a skateboard at the top of a ramp.
a baseball player swinging a baseball bat at a ball
A few people playing baseball at a small park as people in lawn chairs watch.
A man riding on top of a skateboard in the air.
this is a man doing a trick on his board
a man is pitching a ball to a kid
A train on the tracks at a station
The baseball player has hit bat ready and is waiting on pitch.
A one way street sign sitting in front of a white brick building.
A wooden bench in front of a house's front yard with a lot of bushes.
Two female soccer players going against each other. 
there are many plats that are in front of a bench
The backs of four people sitting on a bench while looking at the ocean.
a woman is sitting on a wood bench outside
Spectators watching a team playing a baseball game.
A man is hitting his tennis ball with a recket on the court.
Someone is eating a TV dinner and pop in an Asian country.
A man in a blue shirt sitting on a park bench holding his golden retriever on a red leash.
A man giving another man in a football jersey, a hug
Guy sitting on the park bench holding up his cell phone
A cyclist riding in the bicycle lane of a city street
A pasture in the background with a remembrance sign in the foreground   
Two elephants with people riding on top of them
A man sits on the back of a pick up truck that is full of stuff. 
A man sits on a street bench by a bike. 
the man is waiting for the train to arrive.
Friends and a baby sitting on a park bench by a lake
Green,red and blue umbrellas floating above a large group of people.
a train in an antique musium green and vintage
Two tourists watch a kite flying through the air.
Night view of city street lined with benches.
Th groom kisses the bride on a bench near the ocean.
A batter is taking a swing at a baseball.
A cat takes a nap on a bench in the sun.
two white dogs and one is laying on a bench
A cow relaxing in the middle of path, as commuters pass
Pickup truck with bed filled with large bags of aluminium cans.
A large vase sitting in front of a glass door.
A black and white dog sitting on top of a bench.
A snowboarder on a ROME board in a  half pipe.
A man in sunglasses throwing a frisbee outside.
A group of people walking down a street.
Two people attempt tricks while riding their skateboards
A man in glasses shows off his bacon cheeseburger.
A cat is curled up on a wooden bench by himself.
a bus stop with 2 busses in a desolate city.
Black and white photograph of a park bench overlooking water
Several boats docked on the marina with passengers wating
Trains on railroad tracks at the train station. 
two women in white dresses playing tennis and fans
this is a dog with an orange ball
The two horses are out in the show ring.
Park with peaceful surroundings of flowers and plants with several visitors.  
A man sitting in the grass with five surfboards in front of him.
A woman dressed up as wonder woman and her dog dressed as superman.
A lighthouse that is glowing in the night.
A group of people sit on top of a bench.
A bench is sitting in the dirt near a mountain.
A blue eyed baby looks at the camera.
A bike is leaning up on a white house with a red door behind a wooden bench.
A boardwalk next to the water with people and birds walking and setting.
A park bench on walkway with grass and trees.
A room filled with lots of wooden desk. and two windows.
a long buffet of food and people waiting to eat.
A room with a television and a bed.
a clock on a pole near a bench near a tree 
An empty long white metal bench casting shadows.
a man sitting in a chair and holding a tennis racket.
Memorial bench can be reached by foot or tram
A park bench sits empty in a grassy field and mountain with wild animals in the background.
This baseball player is preparing for a swing
A black cat laying down on a stone bench. 
A man walking down a snowy rural area, with benches in the back.
a person legs and feet are seen while sitting on a park bench 
People are in the park  chatting, walking the paths, and playing frisbee.
People stand on the railing of a boat traveling on water outside a city. 
A lady posing in front of a bronze statue of a catcher.
A cat sits on a wooden bench between flower pots.
A man sitting on a bench in front of a bunch of pigeons.
An man sitting at a bench talking on the phone next to a standing man also on the phone.
A large wooden bench in a grass field.
A person is walking in the snow near a tree.
A pair of benches by the water are shaded by trees.
Four men stand by a plan next the a lake shore
A man listens to music with headphones on while on a park bench.
Three people sit on a bench outside a donut shop
A woman sitting at a table holding a glass of tea.
A guy posing for a picture before eating his burger. 
Three baseball players with bats in their hands pose for a picture.
A person with an elephant following walking down a path.
A group of people at a bus stop.
Two green and yellow trains at a train station 
 A green train stops at the station during the day. 
An older man is seen out and about while skiing.
A group of men sitting together on a bench in front of a building.
A bench on a small hill beside a stone building.
the bench in the park is green and brown
A young women stands by a long bench loaded with luggage.
two people at a cafe table eating sandwiches with drinks
A group of men sitting at park bench playing a game.
A metal bench on a deserted city street.
A stop light is hanging over an intersection in a small town. 
A group of elderly people sit on benches.
Two people on a wooden bench near a statue.
A tennis coach coaching on a tennis court for younger children. 
Two men are watching a giraffe while one takes a picture.
A white horse leaned over eating something in a corral.
A palm tree is on one side with an evergreen tree on the other side and snow capped mountains are in the distance.
A pair of people sit behind a pizza on top of a tray.
A tennis player in a white and black outfit swinging her tennis racket in the air. 
a lonely bench is overlooking a big lake 
A guy is standing outdoors at some kind of booth.
A woman is on her cell phone while two other women and a man stare at her as they all sit on a bench.
a couple of cops are riding horses in a city
A street with the view of the sidewalk in front of several stores and overhead store signs.
The cat is looking out of the window from inside the house.
There is a bench under the trees along the path.
two street signs on a pole near a street 
A man playing tennis in front of fans. 
A wooden bench is sitting in the middle of the forest. 
A female tennis player on a tennis court leaning forward and holding a racquet low down
A woman with an umbrella is sitting by a table.
A path in a park full of tall trees and a bench.
A dark city street has signs on a pole.
a couple of people that are sitting on some logs
A boy grinds  a rail on his skateboard.
Two people sitting on a concrete park bench overlooking the ocean.
A young child is held by an adult while chewing on a carrot.
A man in a hoodie on a city street is studying his laptop.

a park bench and trees covered with snow
 different metallic rolls making a bench outside a building
Two men seated at a table at a diner about to eat pizza.
A group of people walking across a cross walk.
a little boy with sunglasses on his head eating a sandwich
A street at the edge of the coast with an overpass.
A tired woman slumps on a large park bench.
A young man getting ready to throw a Frisbee.
a man throwing a frisbee at the park 
a bench covered in snow next to a tree 
Parking kiosk and bus stop next to cars on a city street
A group of straw beach umbrellas are set up on a beach.
A pair of baseball players sitting on a bench in the dugout.
A girl with a headpiece has an umbrella over her
Park benches facing out towards a lighthouse and harbor.
A bright red bench in front of a store window.
A person holding an umbrella upside down with a building in the background.
a motorcycle parked in  parking lot next to a another parking lot filled with cars.
A person looking at a kite they are flying.;
A man playing tennis on a grass court.
a baseball player has just hit a baseball
a lady sitting in a half shell hut
There is a man swinging a tennis racket.
No one is in the park or by the water at this time of day
A person sitting at a bench holding a jar of sauce.
A man with a deformed face sitting at a table
A boy is standing with his arms spread on his skateboard as he goes up a ramp.
Four people with skateboards standing at a skate park.
A group of men who are standing on skateboards.
A lobby filled with seats and pictures of the city.
A woman on a cell phone sitting next to a man on a bench.
A man playing with a little girl on  a bench.
Young skateboarder displaying trick with bench in enclosed area.
A woman reading a newspaper sitting on a bench next to a man reading a book.
A boy is skate is playing on a skateboard.
a man sitting on a bench next to some lilies of the nile 
A man holding a tennis racket on the court.
A young boy standing next to a young girl and a bag of chips.
a red and black bus some grass cars and buildings
A color corrected photograph of people on street with an umbrella in the middle of them.
Two men and several juvenile soccer players congregate near a bench.
A dog chasing after a frisbee through a yard.
A park with several people flying kites in it.
A small girl standing with a umbrella in hand.
A white coat on a bench on paver stones.
A skateboarder in grey doing a trick on the side of a ramp.
A man in a coat with gloves is sitting on a bench on a cold day.
A person is sitting on a bench with their legs on luggage.
a building with a clock built into the side of it
A young child up to bat during teeball.
Riders boarding a bus by a parked bicycle
A woman with a yellow shirt and yellow flower headband, sitting on a wooden bench outside on the grass.
Three people watch a train drive by. 
Two woman in sunglasses sitting at a table near a bus. 
flour people on a corner all using their cell phones
A big black dog laying on a big round white thing.
Teddy bears and flowers are in the memorial.
a boy in a park passing a frisbee between his legs
A woman walking through a garden with lush greenery.
Adults playing with flying disc on grassy area near bicycles.
this tabby cat is loving the attention she is getting from this man
A person sitting on a bench talking on their cellphone.
a baseball player running on a field 
A man lies incapacitated in the middle of a playground. 
Soccer game in process with fans behind to support the game.
An empty wooden swing bench in a forest clearing.
A park and walkway lined with benches and bushes.
Airport waiting room with large jet parked outside the window.
a man is in the air on a skateboard
A person playing a game inside a fenced in court.
a male in a black shirt and a child and some people
A group of people walking across a street.
A boy skateboarding on a tastefully-constructed fence during the day.
A lamb with a leash over its mouth and head.
A electric company repair truck on the side of the road
A tennis player has just whacked the ball as the audience looks on.
Two women about to play a game of tennis. 
Baseball game with batter and referee on field with crowd
A bus parked on a street where people are waiting to get on.
Man in white shirt holding a tennis racket on a court. 
A baseball player throwing a ball on a baseball field while people watch behind a fence.
A woman sitting on a park bench in the middle of a field.
A baseball game is being played before a handful of people.
A woman sitting on a bench with a book on her lap.
A black and white cat sitting on top of wooden boards.
A white and blue bus in front of a building
A sandy beach by a stream with some structures on the other side.
Large group of people standing in a crowd under a crowd of umbrellas.
A run down wooden bench sitting on top of grass.
A man riding a skateboard over a cement seat.
Many people on a tropical beach flying kites.
A crowd of people sit on benches beneath umbrellas.
An orange cat sitting on top of a bench.
Benches are facing the water surrounded by leaves. 
The person is sitting while holding the string of a colorful kite.
A group of people standing around a bench.
Several people sitting on benches and walking through a common area
A person in  a park petting a horse
A dog holding a Frisbee in the grass, while laying down.
An old phone shows a horse and wagon on a wide street and children are in the forefront.
An old clock tower in a village 
A batter is at the plate getting ready to swing at the pitch.
A woman taking a meal with a cake, wine glass, glass and a vase with flowers on the table
two people in a wooden box next to apple trees
A space filled with entertainment devices, furniture, and sitting area in a home.
A bench on a concrete slab overlooking a lake.
Small boy eating pizza in a park in a shelter.
The city bus is parked on the side of the street to pick up passengers.
A man is swinging a baseball bat at a game
Five people sitting on a long bench in the city.
toddler running around in the grass at a picnic
A young girl in a white dress is standing on a wood bench. 
a dog that is sitting on a park bench
Girl petting a sheep while someone else is taking a photo
Someone walks beside the wall art showing between two trains.
A weathered wooden bench set in a garden.
Metal and wooden bench sitting and overlooking the city.
A group of young men playing a game of soccer.
A tennis player in action on the court.
a close up of a childrens slide with trees in the background
A group of kids at a skateboard park doing tricks
A train set inside during daytime in some room.
A kid playing frisbee in the park. 
A woman holding her racket up to hit a tennis ball. 
A bench is on a sidewalk by the water.
A steer grazes in a field with trees.
A bench on a small cement area in a park.
PEOPLE ARE SITTING IN THE STANDS WATCHING A BASEBALL GAME
a small child in a green shirt is holding a tennis racket
Two bicycles are sitting in a window that is behind a park bench and two chairs.
A double decker buss pulled up to a bus shelter.
A train parked under a building at a train station. 
Shoppers walking down a village street under umbrellas
A young boy sitting on a wooden bench with many hills in the background. 
A wood bench is covered in snow in a park
A teddy bear sitting on the edge of a wooden swing.
A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
Man sleeps next to his bag on the bench
A tablet is set up on a wood table
A variety of fancy looking dishes on square plates, including some sort of coleslaw and some flat bread.
Three young people in a grassy field with one holding a Frisbee
A yellow train pulling into a train station. 
A black and white cat walking around outside.
A view of a rainbow over a city from a picnic bench.
A large horse attached to a trolley on a paved road
The baby on the blanket at the park is hoding  a Motorola phone.
a large group of people standing near a building in the background
A baseball player about to run with a bat in his hand.
Two people sitting on a bench looking out a green fields.
A baseball game in progress with focus on the batter in the middle of a swing.
Two cats eat from piles of food left on the street. 
A living room filled with red furniture on a hard wood floor.
woman holding a cell phone and smiling beside keyboard
A man swinging a bat at a ball.
the people are sitting and standing some are wearing sweaters
A picture of an outdoor area that looks great.
A crowded city street filled with people holding umbrellas.
A man and his dog sitting on a bench
A group of young men playing a game of baseball.
A woman is swinging a racquet at a ball with a frown on her face. 
three children and a woman sitting at a table eating 
A boy sitting on several trunks that are sitting on a pulley.
A wrought iron bench on the edge of a steel grey sea.
there is a man that is getting food from a food truck
A blue suitcase sits on a green bench.
A bench sitting near the beach in a grassy area. 
A woman holding a stuffed giraffe and balloon saying "giraffe" in a cafe
This is a clean but empty baseball dugout.
A young boy munches on a hot dog at an outdoor table.
A boy jumping his skateboard on a city plaza.
a line of bus benches sitting next to each other 
A group of bridges crossing a body of water.
White and blue buses parked on the side of the city road to let passengers in.
A man has an airplane flying over his head.
Baseball players at a stadium with a crowd watching them. 
A woman with her legs crossed sitting on a park bench.
A little boy is hanging onto a tree in a park.
THERE ARE FRIENDS ON THE BEACH POSING 
a bunch of old people in a restraunt
A person on skies holding both poles toward the sky.
A person with an open umbrella walking down a pave path in a park.
A bench and a sign that reads, "hancrafted jewelry," outside of a stone building.
a baseball player is swinging a bat and the catcher is preparing to catch the ball. 
Man looking at grazing horses in the distance.
A duo of teddy bears sit outside on a miniature bench
a woman walks down a street with an umbrella 
A female soccer team running after the person with the ball
A woman sitting on top of a trunk near a building.
A couple sitting on a bench which is affixed to an elephant and the elephant is giving them a ride through the countryside.
many people at tables with drinks and food 
A man riding on the back of a gray elephant.
The man is walking a bicycle while talking on a cell phone. 
A group of individuals standing next to two motorcycles.
A kite flying in the air above a beach.
some yellow and red things are in a field
a forrest with a wooden bench sitting in the trail
Some young people are playing frisbee on the grass.
some people are sitting on a chair that looks like a book
Three men are riding on an elephant on a dirt path.
A ELEPHANT IS IN THE WATER RIGHT NOW 
a young tennis player with a racket 
A clock hangs outside a window of a building near a bench.
A baseball player is getting ready to pitch a ball.
Two pictures of a women leaping in the air .
A person sitting on a counter near bananas.
A cat with a purple and red collar sitting in a bowl 
a woman sitting on a bench wearing a dress and some other people
Longboarders at some congregation for the sport with professional wear.
Bench on the sidewalk of a quaint, old town
A church has pews with the sun shining in on them.
At a baseball game, a batter prepares for the pitch.
A small, young boy is swinging his baseball bat.
A white sail boat sitting on top of a body of water.
The bottoms of the trees and the bench are red.
A bench in a park surrounded by fallen leaves. 
A woman holds a dog on her lap. 
Black and white photo of two men sitting in a restaurant.
some grass a building and some flying kites
A fire hydrant with wooden benches and a grill in the background.
I am unable to see the image above.
A WOMAND IN ALL BLACK BEHIND TO WHITE DOGS
A car parked on the street with a guy in the background skateboardingon some steps.
Historic picture of a woman and two men outside of a post office
The boy is having fun doing tricks on his skateboard.
a red, white and black boat tied to a dock 
A group of baseball players at the pitch with bats and gloves
Set of stairs going up to a second level in front of windows.
A baseball player that is attempting to steal base.
A man riding a bike with a bunch of wood on it next to a truck.
A man and a dog on a path with street light, bushes and trees, leading to a spired building with cranes.
An umbrella statue with the handles as the base.
A couple standing under an umbrella in a park.
A kid throwing a baseball at a little league game
Two people holding umbrellas walking in the rain. 
A woman sitting on a bench overlooking the ocean
People sit on a bench and wait for a bus.
An old man standing next to a stuffed animal
a number of donuts sitting on a table with sticks
Child holding up a tennis racket that is as big as he is.
A dirt ground in fenced area by road with two children playing baseball and an adult on sidelines.
A man riding a skate board at a skate park.
there is a woman sitting on the bench surrounded by bushes
A group of girls on a field playing soccer.
A clock is on a pole by snowy bushes.
Baseball player preparing for swing with the catcher in the ready position.
Park scene, park bench, light pole and building in back ground, probably city park area.
A red railroad train pulling in to a train station 
A woman is sitting at a table with a pizza and smiling.
A notebook and a Dunkin Doughnuts cup are sitting on a bench.
Broccoli sitting on a table with a knife next to it outside. 
A statue of a cowboy on a horse in the middle of building.
Two people posing for a picture in a garden
a horse stands attached to a carriage, being touched by a woman
A large bedroom suite with art work on the walls
Several motorcycles parked outside of a bar in a parking lot.
A pedestrian area with square stone walkways, benches and trees, along with an elephant statue.
A dog laying down underneath a bench at a park.
A man and a woman sitting side by side on bench on the street.
Two people are sitting together on a bench.
A boy feeding giraffes some plants at a zoo.
SEVEN MEN STANDING HOLDING SURFBOARDS, WITH ONE MAN IN THE WATER
A woman sitting on a bench with a little girl.
This looks like a building at an Ivy League school.
The little black bear is all alone in the backyard. 
A woman and a brown dog are sitting on the ground.
A cow who is looking in the door of a house on a street.
A man on a skateboard in the street.
Two kids playing a game of Little League baseball.
Two boys sitting at a table with cake on their faces.
A tennis player is playing tennis while someone watches. 
A black and white photo of a person doing a skateboard trick.
A woman in a park taking a photo with her cell phone
A man holding hands with a little boy on a skateboard.
The cat is lazily laying on the bench.
Two tennis players enjoying a match at the park.
A young woman in a white shirt and black pants on a tennis court playing a game.
 Small white cat sitting on a park bench alone. 
Action shot of men playing soccer with spectators watching
A truck parked on top of a dirt field.
Baseball player looks on ready to hit the ball.
A bus stopped in front of a bush stop with a shelter.
There is a skateboarder riding in the street
A table that has several plates and bowls filled with food.
A man on bench with bicycle and trees in the background.
A man is skiing down a snow covered main street.
a guy swinging at a tennis ball on a tennis court.
Service man sitting on park bench with two other people.
Colorful commuter train on tracks at platform in urban city.
a warmly dressed boy boy sits on a bench playing with the snow
A statue of a woman and a man on a horse outside.
A dog that is sitting on a wooden bench.
A man swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
The young man is practicing tricks on his skateboard. 
A man is listening to music with headphones on a bench.
A picnic table sitting under a large green tree. 
A large brown dog laying on top of a wooden bench.
A pair of women sit on a bench on their phones.
A man riding a paddle board on top of a body of water.
A couple of kids riding skateboards in a skate park.
Motorcycle parked outside a red brick building by a red bench.
A woman on a tennis court is holding a racquet.
there are several pictures of a young boy throwing a ball
A woman walks down a suburban sidewalk on a sunny day.
a man is in a camp site with bikes and clothes
An old photograph of four schoolboys in short pants.
A window on a brick wall is allowing the sun into the room.
Man skateboarding on the street in an empty shopping area
The side line of a tennis court where people sit
A woman swinging at a tennis ball in the air.
A person sitting on a bench overlooking a lake.
A yellow building behind a park bench by a street.
A park bench in a sunny area of a park. 
A dog with a collar and leash stands near a bench.
A skateboarder balancing his board on the edge of a ramp.
this large truck is hauling a tractor on it
A man eating a submarine sandwich in a restaurant. 
Two people wearing jeans sit on a bench with their legs crossed.
A group parents and children watching a couple of women give a performance.
some surfers are surfing in a river 
Cars stopped at an intersection waiting to proceed
a kitchen with a dog eating out of his dog bowl.
A multicolored train pulling into a train station.
A man sitting on a lawn chair looking at his hands.
A woman and child playing frisbee in a grassy area.
A batter about to swing and catcher and umpire at home plate.
A City of London park bench looking at a garden of flowers.
A room with light shining in through two windows.
A bench that is sitting in the grass.
several people sitting on a street bench in the fifties reading newspapers
The young woman is eating from the plate.
a girl in a white dress a green frisbee and a boy
A woman taking a swing at a ball
A boy is swinging a baseball bat at a game
A batter swinging a bat with the catcher and umpire behind him.
A row of red park benches on a brick walkway at a park.
Men, dogs and a child near a bench overlooking water.
A baseball player swinging a bat at a ball.
A group of people standing around a park next to a river.
A blue bench stands in forest surrounded by trees and ferns.
An empty bench on a late day beach.
A couple looking into each others eyes on a bench in a grassy field.
A bench is built on a wooden floor pier
Series of red buses lined up behind each other. 
A picturesque park with benches and big trees.
A dog walks down a trail as birds fly away. 
Two women in headscarves, watched by two cats,  sit on a park bench and have food and drink. 
A group of kids playing a game of Frisbee.
A dog is standing on a bench next to a tree.
Two boats of travelers floating down a river near some storefronts.
Single park bench atop stones near natural setting.
A cat sitting on a colorful park bench. 
a cat is laying on a green bench
A tennis player hops on one foot to reach a ball.
A large group of flower pots sitting by the corner of a patio.
Men and a lady stand with three elephants
Two women have a social interaction over pizza and drinks.
A few people with umbrellas sitting on a bench by the water.
A man stands behind a woman sitting on a bench in a green park. 
A young boy in a blue uniform who just hit a baseball
a person is wearing a black helmet and a black and gray motorcycle
Woman with dog preparing to throw disc in outdoor event.
Dog jumps up high to it's owner to grab a hold on the frisbee
picnic tables sit under a group of trees
A tennis court with two men playing a game of tennis.
Two men sitting on a bench in a park eating.
The couple is sitting next to each other on the bench.
A young man skate boarding on a skate board ramp.
A guitar, a backpack, and a suitcase on the ground.
this is a boy playing a baseball game
A guy skateboarding on a street at night.
A photo of picnic tables with umbrellas in front of food trucks.
An elderly man and woman sit on a bench.
A beagle is sitting on the end of a split log with a sad look.
A bench table is under a white umbrella on the outside of a restaurant. 
A man in jeans doing tricks using a skateboard
A crowd of people walk along a rainy street.
A wooden bench sitting amongst the trees and leaves.
A man with a plate of food offering a bite to a woman.
These are the paws of a sleeping cat.
A skateboarder in the air, as people watch on.
The professional player is swinging the baseball bat.
A group of various people out at a ski resort. 
A baseball team is gathered around the bench.
A baseball player swings a bat at a ball.
a group of people in black are in  a room
A train at a train station with multiple carts.
A young girl in sunglasses posing for a picture.
A man jumping in the air on a skateboard.
two bikes parked against the bench near the water
Man bundled up waiting for transportation while talking on phone.
A bench facing the water with the city line behind it.
Two tennis rackets stand next to a bench.
some people are laying outside on some wood
A train is approaching an opposite side boarding area.
A batter practices his swing as his teammate swings at home plate.
Two benches sitting side by side facing a beach and the ocean.
Three generations of ladies sit on a dock admiring the water.
a bench in a field  looking at snowcapped mountains.
A PERSON IS SKATE BOARDING ON THE SIDE WALK
two people sitting on a bench with a lamp post behind them
A red wall and lighting casts a red light upon old chairs and a bench.
A soccer player kicking a ball on a soccer field.
a person standing on a paved surface wearing glasses and a a suit in a courtyard next to stone buildings.
Guys holding a Frisbee outside surrounded by trees.
a public transit bus on a city street 
A couple of chairs and some flowers on the ground.
A bench next to a field with graffiti on it.
A beach scene with a variety of shells on the ground
a woman in pink is playing  a tennis game
The woman is playing tennis on the court.
A bus sits at a bus terminal in the early afternoon.
A couple of elderly people on a bench in the city park
A nice size train station with a train leaving the station . 
The building has a spot of blue paint and a bench outside.
A baseball player at the plate just after swinging at the ball
A woman is teaching a small child to ski.
A bird walking across a dirty and gravel area.
this is a black and white photo of many houses on a street
A woman riding a dolphin while people watch her.
A pigeon perched on arm of park bench
Two people standing by their bicycles near a traffic island with a fountain.
A woman sitting on a wooden bench in front of a store.
A wooden bench sitting on top of a sandy beach.
The lighthouse is on a hill on a cloudy day.
a woman reading while sitting on a bench outdoors
a baseball player with a bat on the field
A female baseball player looks on with intensity while swinging the bat. 
A little girl sitting on a park bench holding a flower.
A man in ripped pants tripping off of a skateboard.
a black and white photo of some people trees and buildings
A woman is sitting on a bench eating out of a take out box.
A young boy swinging a bat at a baseball.
Cars and trucks driving down a street with people on the corner.
A person on a court with a tennis racket.
A baseball player swings his bat during a game.
two people looking at an elephant with a cage on its back 
A wooden bench sitting in the woods off a path.
Young women playing a game of soccer on a soccer field.
Photograph of an outside place that is exceptionally lovely. 

A clock tower above a bench and a planter full of flowers.
A stylized photo of a man in a suit and tie walking near a crowd.
A young man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
A women on a bench overlooking the waterfront.
A smiling couple in wedding attire on a wooden bench.
A baseball and a glove are sitting on a aluminum bench.
A train waits at a crowded depot full of passengers.
Men playing soccer on a soccer field 
Heavy set woman is sitting on a park bench.
A man and a stuffed animal are sitting next to each other on a bench.
A baseball player swinging a bat at a ball
A woman sitting next to a woman standing in front of her.
Skateboarder flying off concrete stairs at the park
A man is performing a snowboard jump and appears that he is hooked to the lift.
The dog is sleeping behind a wooden bench.
A bench made of metal and wood is in front of a mountainous area.
Young boys are by a skateboard bowl on the edge.
Two people are flying a kite in the snow.
A young woman sits with her legs crossed on a park bench
The maroon and white bus is letting a passenger get on.
Three people sitting  on benches around a picnic table.
A double decker bus driving down a road
A bench and street sign are in front of a building.
A group of people have boarded a fan boat leaving the dock.
a man standing by a bench while taking a photo 
The man jumps while on his skateboard at the park.
Several large buildings in a downtown type area
Photo of an open air enclosure that looks perfect.
A black and white image of the baseball team. 
A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.
a small child is sitting on a bench outside
The cat is perched on top of a wood bench.
a person sitting at a table with a plate of food
A bus is stopping to pick up people in the snow. 
People sit on the bench under a tree overlooking the water.
The women is walking with  pretty pink umbrellas.
a person sitting holding a sign on a chair
a man and woman sits back to back on a train 
A girl in a one piece sitting on a bench. 
A fire hydrant mostly encased by a wooden deck
The white planters on the wall are filled with pink flowers.
A man sitting on a park bench reading while a dog lays on the ground in front of him.
A woman sitting on a bench outside of a building.
A couple of people sitting on a wooden bench.
A small clock on a pole in front of a building.
A green bench in front of a window box
Very clean public transportation area in the UK
A person sitting on a bench wearing a hat and holding a handbag.
A young woman sits alone on a tall bench looking into the mountains.
A woman is sitting on a bench, talking on the phone.
Boy taking high jump on skateboard while another sits and watches.
Muscles tightly clenched, the tennis player reaches to hit the ball.
People are walking around inside a hangar looking at an airplane exhibit.
a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface
A man sitting by himself on a park bench.
A woman and dog laying on a blue bench by fence.
A man sits on a bench with a dog in lap reading.
A group of men and woman playing a game of frisbee.
a man laying on the ground next to a bicycle while a man walks toward him
Three benches in the sand in front of a fence overlooking the ocean.
A boy and girl are playing tennis in the park
An old fashioned neon sign advertises a local ice cream parlor.
A black cat is sitting near a bench along the path
The young boy is playing ball in the park.
a few people that are trying to eat doughnuts
a back and white photo of people riding skate boards
a man holding two torches stand atop of a pillar 
there are many people sitting at picnic tables eating
A group of players playing a baseball game.
A church with a stone alter and wooden benches. 
A man and a woman sitting and sharing an umbrella
A group of surfers under a hut and holding their boards
a man and a boy playing with a kite at the park 
Two wooden benches sit in front of a patio area.
The group is waiting for the subway train
A woman sitting on a park bench in front of purple flowers. 
a girl petting a pony on the back of it's neck 
A group of people riding skis on a ski slope.
Outside of a train station building from across the street.
A man in a black shirt prepares to catch a frisbee 
A bench on a pavement with cars parked on the road
The train makes a stop at the train station.
A clock on a pedestal at the entrance to a park.
A boardwalk in front of the sand and beach that has a man sitting on a wooden bench with a dog.
a park bench that has a cat on it
A batter holds his bat up during a baseball game.
Two older people sitting down in front of a beach.
a crowd of people watching as two women shake hands during a tennis match
a tennis player getting ready to hit a serve
an image of a family celebrating a childs birthday
The giraffe is standing alone outside by the people.
two people sitting at a bench on a city street
Several young people in purple t-shirts stand on a tennis court.
A stone clock tower in front of a building.
A man in a baseball cap flying a kite.
a woman holding a teddy bear sitting on part of a statue of bears 
A group of police on motorcycles driving down the street.
A man hugging a woman as they sit on a wooden park bench with woods behind them.
a man is in the air on a skateboard
A sculpture in the center of a square outside a building.
A woman is using her cellphone under an umbrella while several people stand in the background.
A tennis player getting ready to strike the ball over the net. 
A black and white image of a young girl on the bench sitting next to bear. 
bench and fence with trees and wildlife in the background
a lady that has a flashlight into a mirror
A brick patio with many purple and pink flowers.
A stop sign on a corner collects snow on its surface.
A small child eating a hot dog on a bench
A silver and red bus with its door open in parking lot.
A group of people walking outside a building with various green umbrellas.
Several people sitting on benches in the snow.
orange subway car stopped at a subway station
A person sitting on a wooden bench outside.
A bench that is sitting on a sidewalk.
An empty road in a park with one bench. 
A large dog sits just his bottom on a park bench.
Man sits on top of an elephant while tourists pet elephant. 
a big building sits in the middle of some buildings 
A bunch of people on a beach with umbrellas.
People are riding in a horse drawn carriage down the street.
Two dogs rest on a wooden bench in front of a window. 
A person sits on a bench as a train passes by
A city street filled with traffic and traffic signals.
A baseball player holding a bat on top of a baseball field.
A man talking on the phone in a park.
A red motorcycle parked on the side of a road.
some people are riding elephants trees and bushes
a few people that are standing on a tennis court
a woman talks on a phone while sitting on a bench 
Sunset at the end of a city street on which there is a fire hydrant
A young girl sits on a bench for a picture
a large green field with many tables and visitors
People watch as a man performs tricks on a skateboard.
A person skating next to some houses with American flag hoisted in the background.
A crowd of people skiing down a ski slope.
A town is being viewed against a distant mountain range.
a bus that is parked next to a street
Adults walking on pathway in green space area.
A couple of black benches sitting in front of a building.
A man sitting on a bench with his arms relaxed on the back.
A plant with white and purple flowers coming out of it.
A man sitting on top of a bench near a parking lot.
A man is sitting on patio furniture, eating a plate of food.
The crossing guard is holding up a stop sign.
A skate part with a large cement ramp.
A baseball player is holding a bat in the air.
A man in blue jeans reaching for a red sweater.
Children hold tennis rackets while standing on a tennis court.
A woman is standing in the rain under a pink umbrella. 
A horse is attached to a carriage that is decorated in pretty fabrics and colorful paint. 
Multiple pictures of a guy performing a skateboard trick.
A group of people with umbrellas wait in a rainy park.
an image of a tennis player that  is injured 
Flowers growing in front of a restaurant with outdoor tables.
A truck parked on the side of a road next to a tall building.
A woman holding a tennis racquet walking on a tennis court.
A bird feeder in the shape of a porch swing, with a bird sitting on it.
A baseball hitter swinging his bat during a baseball game.
Giraffes in a fenced enclosure surrounded by crowds.
A group of people sitting on a wooden bench.
a small boat leaning on a small wall
Number eighteen is pitching the baseball on the mound.
A couple snuggling on a bench in a park.
A baseball player at third plate and a catcher walking back to home base.
An elephant painting while a man is in front of the easel. 
A woman holding a cell phone walks down a city street. 
An airplane is on a runway by some cars.
A little girl riding her bike in a park.
A red double decker bus is parked on a street.
A man pets a small, baby elephant. 
A large, cute dog is sitting on its haunches in a living room.
A person with a book squatted under a tree.
A bench that is set up to look out towards the ocean. 
The lady in pink is focused on the ball.
A stop sign next to a building at a crossroads.
A playground in a park with two benches 
A man sitting alone on a bench in front of a lake.
With the catcher crouched behind him, a batter prepares to swing at the ball.
The edge of a bench with peeling paint
A woman sitting on a bench playing an organ
A man standing on a tennis court while holding a racquet.
a toddler on the patio mounting a skate board
Two vintage red double decker busses on a road.
Someone left one of their flip flops on a park bench
A couple of elephants standing on a road.
there is a man and a small child sitting on a bench together
A few people are doing something at this point that is darting. 

A woman with a large black bag standing and showing something to another woman who is seated on a street bench.
two trains in a train track at a train station
A building with a striped awning and a tree in front.
A baseball player at home plate and turning towards the catcher area while holding a bat.
a kid positioned to serve a tennis ball
Park bench with a statue of a older lady sitting on it.
A book setting on a green bench in a park.
Two young boys in shorts at park with hands raised.
A girl with an umbrella jumping up in the air.
a person sitting at a table flashing a peace sign 
A man in a suit standing next to some railroad tracks.
A young girl who is holding a baseball bat and standing next to a tee with a ball on it.
people sitting on benches by old buildings 
A weathered bench near a group of flowers.
A baseball game at a field and the hitter just hit the ball.
A lot of animals that are in the grass.
A dimly lit bench in front of a beach at night.
A man in white uniform holding a baseball and mitt.
A very blurry bench in a green field
A commuter train arriving at an out door station
an  image of a cat sitting on a bench
A young man is about to take a big bite of his hot dog. 
The small crowd is watching two soccer players during a game. 
A group of small children sit around a table with two birthday cakes at the edge.
A train traveling down tracks next to a forest.
Two cats face to face laying down next to one another on a wooden base.
A cat standing on a bicycle that is leaning against a bench.
The woman is standing near a road with a tennis racket.
A player is swinging is racket very hard.
An empty bench along a sidewalk in neighborhood.
A man looking at a boat passing by
A cell phone marketer encounters a woman walking on the street.
Pictures of multiple people with their luggage at an airport. 
a vintage photo of a man playing a piano outdoors 
A man is playing tennis while people watch.
A view of a group of people sitting on park benches.
A cat looks quizzical while sitting on a chair. 
Bikes are parked on a dirt path leading to a lighthouse
a person that has a umbrella in his hand
A man wearing a uniform pitching a baseball.
two people walking on a city street wit ha cell phone
There are several baseball players practicing for a game
A room filled with clutter and a fireplace.
A coffee cup sits on a bench outside. 
a woman and a statue sit on a park bench
a baseball game in progress with a player in motion
A man in glasses is in a field with a dog with a frisbee.
A couple of guys sitting at an outdoor table under a sun umbrella at a festival.
Spectators watching women play tennis in the sun
The man is walking in the rain with his umbrella up. 
Young boys with alien and spider facepaint tattoos
A woman is walking her baby in a stroller and talking to friends.
Several people on a beach next to a cart filled with beach chairs and surf boards.
Two men feed two dogs from a bowl. 
Male skateboarder performing trick in large open paved area.
The man and the woman are playing Frisbee on the sand.
Man with two parrots on his finger and one parrot on his shoulder.
A skateboarder shows off a few tricks to his friends.
there is a man sitting on a bench reading a news paper
A woman sitting on a bench next to a lake.
a tennis player stretching to hit a serve
An historic plane is parked on a concrete slab near a grassy area with a picnic table.
A dog sitting on the floor of a bathroom next to the tub
an image of a man on skiis looking at a log house
A bus yard filled with lots of different buses.
a baby walks next to some inflated cows 
Two people riding on top of an elephant in the jungle
A man on a skateboard in the air doing a trick.
Young girl with face painting holding pink stuffed teddy bear.
Some young people playing soccer in a field.
A young man that is waiting to hit a served tennis ball.
A man skiing down a mountain on a sunny day
a crowd of people are all waiting at a bus stop
 a man and woman sitting under an umbrella on a bench
An group of young people on a boat prepare to parasail on surfboards.
A couple of large stalks of carrots next to a box of strawberries.
Empty wrought iron bench outside the house on a tile base.
a man loading luggage onto an airplane 
A bird is standing on a bench in front of the water.
The group of people are gathering on the beach. 
A large long train on a steel track.
Two kids and one adult exiting a ski lift
A woman is walking through the park texting on her cell phone.
An older steam locomotive with many cars sitting at a train station.
Several men playing Wii in a room of musical instruments.
There are a man and a woman sitting on a bench together 
Many people are on a beach with the view of the water and a mountain range.
A group of people are playing Frisbee in a park.
A guy rides a surfboard in a created wave pool. 
A cheeseburger with a donut for a bun sits in a paper basket in front of a paper cup.
a couple of benches filled with books beneath a big window
Three children eating pizza at a purple table.
A little girl sitting on a garden bench 
The crucifix on the wall of the church is beautifully backlit.
Two elephants in the foreground and people in a dirt field. 
A man is on the field in front of the crowd, holding his racket. 
Five ducks that are standing next to each other.
A flock of pigeons fly by a skateboarder in front of a building. 
Pillows on a bench with a side table and decorative mirrors. 
Wooden benches sitting next to a fence near the water.
a person with an umbrella is sitting on a bench in the park
A teenage boy showing his friend some skateboard moves.
A large long train on a steel track.
The young men are riding on their bike and skateboard
this image has no picture in order to describe
A group of older people sitting next to each other eating cake.
Woman sitting on a bench and holding some of her hair
A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
there are many kites that are being flown in the sky
A boy lunges forward with a bat in his hand.
A bottle of alcohol on a wooden bench.
A man wearing a tie with half his pants off.
The person sits on a bench in front of the alley between two buildings. 
Orange bus on a tree lined street in front of a brick building.
I am unable to see an image above.
A bench is shown in a train station.
A group of people sitting at an outdoor table having a meal.
A rustic wooden bench in an overgrown flower garden.
A boy holding a baseball bat on a field.
A vintage Texaco sign marks the entrance way to an antique gas station memorabilia retailer.  
A woman strikes her tennis racket against a ball.
A park bench has four people sitting on it under a large tree.
A person sitting on a bench under a overpass.
A black and white photo of a boy skateboarding.
A girl sitting alone on a park bench by the semi-frozen lake. 
A man sits on a bench at a bus stop with all his belongings
A fireman sits on a bench with his Bernese mountain dog.
Park bench sitting on the inside of a wooded area. 
A wooden and metal bench with a mountain view.
An elephant and a handler in an enclosure down below.
there is a train that is approaching the train stop
A person gets ready to mount their bicycle.
Black and white photograph of a park bench on a snowy day
A big orange cat sitting on a wooden bench.
A man riding a skateboard while flying into the air.
A sandy path surrounded by trees leads to a beach.
A man who is sitting on a wooden bench by himself.
A motorcycle parked in a rocky lot by a wooden post. 
Two man at the park and dog laying on the ground.
People eating a meal out on a porch.
A brown cat sitting on the bench next to a bicycle. 
Man in red jacket swinging a baseball bat in front of a batting cage.
Two men sitting in a dugout one holding a baseball bat.
Two cats laying out on a bench with a potted plant in between.
Two people sit on opposite ends of a bench.
two women play tennis on a tennis court on a sunny day
A woman in a red coat and red boots walking in the snow.
Two women sitting on a bench talking to each other.
A wooden bench is sitting on the sidewalk in the park. 
Two mannequins on a bench in the park
Two old men sitting on a bench on the pathway. 
A woman sitting on a bench and a bicycle leaning against the bench.
A hotel pool with lawn chairs and umbrellas
people standing on a courtyard holding open umbrellas
A close up of an old train with people in the background.
Two buses at bus stop with people on sidewalk
A solitary park bench in a grassy, hilly area, overlooking a town.
A man sits on a bench while other people lounge on the grass. 
A man that is in the grass with a kite.
A man on a skateboard riding on the pavement
A train with its lights on pulling alongside a pedestrian platform.
A blue and yellow long bus is by a bus stop.
He is skateboarding on a bench in the park.
An older yellow train pulling into a station.
a baseball player with a bat in the batters box
A man who is sitting on a wooden bench.
A wooden bench on the side of the street.
A woman in white shirt sitting on a park bench next to bushes.
A city street filled with cars and line with buildings.
A boat that is parked in a canal is full of benches while a bridge with people crossing is in the background.
A woman with a blue umbrella avoids the rain.
A woman sits with a bicycle on a park bench.
A cheese pizza sits near a large beer and salad.
Sheep traveling across concrete near a small bench.
A man sitting in a crowded locker room.
A man playing baseball swinging a bat while one waits to catch another is the umpire. 
A man and a woman preparing food on a picnic table. 
A couple of giraffes in a zoo exhibit.
A number of traffic signs regarding different cities. 
Several totes sitting on a bench outside. 
A person standing beside the water at sunset
The man's face is partially obscured by smoke
a group of young people playing soccer on a field 
A man sitting on a park bench looking at something he's holding.
A beach scene looking at chairs and umbrellas.
Some men standing by a sculpture of a head.
The two dogs are by the bench and they have mussels on.
The baseball player swings his bat, but strikes out.
The double-decker bus pulls up to the covered stop in the rain.
Empty benches and tables are lined up in an old building.
A man and a woman riding on the back of an animal. 
Kid batter takes a swing at a little league baseball game.
A tall building is topped with a billboard and beside a smaller market place.
A white bench in a green field by mountains. 
A man sitting on top of a wooden bench.
A double-decker bus on an empty street driving by the bike lane.
A red car parked next to a group of people sitting on benches.
A young woman eating cake next to a man.
Seated soldiers pose next to two women and a small child beside a stopped freight train.
Colorful birds perched on fence posts on a hedge.
A giraffe looks towards the camera in front of other giraffes and zebras. 
a baseball player holding a bat running on the field
a male skateboarder in a black shirt is doing a trick
A young person sitting in his seat working on his laptop. 
This is a train and several railroad tracks
A car parked in a lot with a surf board strapped to the top.
A umbrella covered table sitting across the way from a city.
Three baseball player on a baseball field 
A bus parked at a bus depot with its lights on.
A wooden bench fashioned to look like a train.
A bicycle leaning up against a park bench.
Two dogs sit in the park on a cold day.
Two women sit on a park bench while a dog relaxes in the shade.
A wan walking with two suitcases on his head. 
Two women walk past another woman sitting on a bench.
A man feeding a giraffe leaves from a deck area.
A couple of men playing a soccer game
A man adjusting a kite near a bench in the field
A young boy rides a skateboard up a ramp.
A yellow and blue train traveling down tracks near a train station.
A photograph of a girl running above and a photograph of a bench below.
The woman is sitting on the doubled up park bench.
A wooden bench is next to a huge tree.
A close of photo of a leg of a bench with pictures of people at cats.
a man sitting in front of a  some seats with hats on them
A person sitting on some stairs with a cell phone.
a child in an orange coat playing with a wood sander
a person is sitting on a bench and a silver train
A covered train terminal has many large windows.
a bench on a hill with a view of a body of water 
a group of people sitting on a bench in the forest
The two athletes are enjoying their game together.
A bag being used on a bench as a pillow.
A hairless cow in front of a building. 
A group of kids are playing soccer for a team.
A very pretty park setting with benches and nice landscaping.
A youth ball game is underway as a batter readies his swing.
A little girl sitting on a bench in front of some ivy with her stuffed animal
A man and a boy playing frisbee on a field.
a young man jumping over a wooden table with his skateboard
a guy getting ready to hit the ball and the catcher ready to catch
A baseball player holds a bat while standing next to home plate.
The batter has his eye on the ball.
A lone park bench that sits beside a tree in a park.
Two zebras walk next to a fence together.
A bench chained to a door on a street sidewalk.
Large amounts of food layed out buffet style and people serving themselves
A brightly colored store front with benches and chairs.
A person is taken in this very picture.

A person riding a bike down a beach road.,
Trash on the ground near a park bench and a full trashcan.
A wooden table surrounded by wooden chairs on hard wood floors.
A baseball player is at the plate ready to bat while the catcher and umpire crouch for a low ball.
A group of skateboarders using the bench at a park
A white building that is a medical clinic.
The man is sitting on a bench with ear buds in his ears.
A look at a neighborhood during the daytime. 
A group of people flying kites and standing on a concrete pier on the edge of a body of water.
two benches near a tree under the shade
Several baseball players anticipating the pitch while the crowd watches.
A couple of people sitting next to a miniature Santa Clause.
A subway train passing by a platform with a bench
The baseball batter watches the ball he just hit sail away.
A park bench with sculptures of kangaroos on it.
A young  baseball team sitting on benches together
A baby climbs on top of a wooden park bench at a mall.
a couple of women sits around a table with food on it 
A bench on the bank of a river flowing over a waterfall.
Two food trucks in the parking area of a park.
A lime green train at a station waiting for passengers.
A bench sitting outside a couple of buildings next to some street lamps.
An old park bench next to a blue trash receptacle.
A black cat stands up on its hind legs on a bench.
A group of men on a field playing baseball.
Young lady holding an umbrella while standing at a pond.

a girl crouching next to a bench with a cat on it
A set of grayish green metal park benches, one of which is damaged.
A silver, blue and white train next to a train station.
A baseball game is in action as a batter swings.
there is a white lap top that is on the wood table
a group of people are dressed up as zombies.
a couple of chairs in front of a wooden table
two women and a baby are sitting on a red bench and some men walking
A train arriving at 3:53 in the afternoon. 
A MAN IS HOLIDNG A DOG ON TEH SIDE WALK 
an image of a grandfather clock in the middle of a shopping district
A wooden bench in a forest clearing at sunset. 
The people is sitting outside near the lake
a baseball player in a batters box at a game 
A young many getting ready to serve a tennis ball on a clay court.
a couple of elephants are standing in a ring
A plate with sausage, ham, mushrooms, tomatoes and other foods.
Cats sleeping curled up on wooden park benches.
Three picnic tables with umbrellas sitting beside a body of water.
Group of people riding on the top of an elephant. 
a male skateboarder in a white shirt doing a trick
A woman sitting on a bench in a park.
A freight train extends along one of several parallel tracks.
a cat sleeps on a bus bench out side 
A street with people walking about it and a kite above.
A dog is running alongside a horse in a corral.
An old historic looking building in the middle of a town that appears to be a foreign country.
An old concrete bench that is part of an old building with a pillar.
A paper dog on top of a bench on the sidewalk. 
Person with feet in the air near skateboard that is also in the air.
Long garden bench lines the park's walking trail
A man sleeping next to a cat on a bench
A train pulls into an abandoned station next to announcements.
many desks placed on a city curb street
Boats parked on a dock with a white lighthouse.
A small elephant is being fed by its keeper.
A dog wearing booties is walking past a bench.
A man holding a baseball bat next to home plate.
a pole that has a clock at the top of it
A large group of people sitting on the ground.
A large sign and some benches on the water.
An outfielder walking across the field at a major baseball game.
A row of park benches covered in a pile of snow.
A man sitting on green wooden beach chairs.
A man holding a drink and his luggage by a train.
A man sitting on a bench, unzipping a bag, with a chihuahua in a vest standing with front paws on the man's leg, by a parking lot and building with a woman walking and a person sitting in a chair under awning in the background.
A woman and two men standing in the snow on their skis. 
A batter and catcher in a baseball game with people watching.
A woman rides her horse over a jump
A dilapidated bench in a park under a tree.
A large city park, with a person skateboarding on a long stone plaque.
People watching a player at the plate during a little league game.
Two baseball players are leaning on bats for a photo.
A baseball player is batting during a baseball game.
A woman sitting in front of a plate while holding a slice of pizza.
A young man sitting on a bench under the bridge 
A skateboarder attempting a turn on the edge of a bowl
a Park like setting with a stone wall and log benches. 
A scenic view of a water front with windmills that stand out on the horizon.
A toddler stands beside a fire hydrant on a suburban street.
There is a bench near the building wall. 
A young girl sitting with a young boy at a table with food.
A woman looking in the window of a brick store front.
A woman with a cane sitting next to another woman on a bench.
A bench overlooks a man-made pond in a garden.
Kid wearing a helmet riding a skate board down a road.
A large building with a clock is seen through a fence.
A group of men kicking around a soccer ball on a field
This is an image of three children with play phones.
A young man skating on a stairway and some others seated on a bench
a person on a tennis court with a tennis racket
Two large teddy bears standing next to a small house on a beach.
A man sitting on a horse while rubbing him and kids are rubbing him also.
a vintage photo of a persons sitting on a bench as a train passes by 
A small child wears ski clothes and stands in the snow. 
Empty benches in the park after a storm. 
A lone picnic table on the edge of a picturesque beach
Two female travelers wait among piles of luggage.
a white and gray train on its track at a station
a person jumping a skate board in the air
Kid outside skateboarding with his friend near by.
A girl wearing a t-shirt with a cake decoration on it eats cake.
An empty green wooden bench near a pink building.
The batter is swinging the bat with all of his might.
a person siting on a bench with a cell phone 
Two people walking under an umbrella on a street near some benches and a motorcycle.
A woman painting flowers on a red parasol.
A waterfront area has pipe dividers to direct people's movements. 
a black and white photo of a person with an umbrella
A skateboarder is in the air doing a trick.
A person with a backpack standing near a large group of empty benches.
A gray tabby cat is lying on a picnic table.
The man wearing a cap sits reading a book and eating a sandwich.
A woman sitting under a white umbrella 
A woman walks along a sidewalk past a bench. 
Three workers conversing with several men while cement dries.
The yellow train is pulled up to the boarding platform.
A large while colonial style courthouse with a clock tower on the top.
A young man in a park on a skateboard
A bunch of kites that are fly in by a small lake.
Two people siting together on a bench matching .
A large building with a clock on the top.
A man sitting on a bench in a lobby.
A young boy getting ready to hit a baseball with a bat
A lady in green tee-shirt on skies on a dirt driveway.
A baseball player preparing to swing at a pitch.
A man getting ready to swing at a fast ball and a catcher waiting to catch the ball
A round clock, mounted on an outdoor wall with three doorways, hovers over a black-and-blue bench.
A man and two dogs stand near a park bench.
a man with a hat swinging a baseball bat at home plate
A young man sits on a bench with his black skateboard is on the ground in front of him.
Chickens are standing around near a wooden bench and wall.
A baseball player swings his bat at the ball.
There is a man sitting on a bench on a beach boardwalk.
This is the moment of impact when the ball hits the bat.
Two men sit smiling with a baby outside.
A bunch of baseball players that are standing in the dirt.
A man and a dog standing at a gelato truck in the park. 
The batter is waiting to swing at the baseball and the umpire is behind him as some of his teammates are watching.   
Luggage is lined up around an airport conveyor belt. 
A green train next to train station with clock.
A red fire hydrant on a residential yard.
Two young women standing under a large umbrella on the beach.
Four people sitting together in front of a fence.
several people sitting between two gray passenger trains on the tracks
A woman smiles as three others hold umbrellas in a cactus garden. 
A man wearing a baseball cap pulls a cow towards him.
A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
A pool with an umbrella and chairs is shown.
A black dog sitting in the yard while staring. 
THERE IS A BENCH THAT IS ON THE LEAVES
a person walking in the rain with an open umbrella
A group of tables and umbrellas at a reception by the ocean.
Three people sit on a bench under an umbrella
A big empty wooden bench by a street sign.
A woman and a child sitting on a bench.
a bench with a red blanket next to a big window 
A group of people perform in front of a line of city benches.
There is a kid playing a game of baseball.
A big bus going down the street near homes
Tall toilet covered in artwork and seat shaped like a instrument. 
An view looking down at a tennis match being played in a stadium.
A forest of green trees with a bench in its midst.
Two signs that read "Talbot St." and "Shops & Restaurants" hang from a signposts.
a skateboarder doing an ollie onto a concrete ledge
A bench sits in front of a city street.
The bench and chair are empty right now.
A guy on a skateboard doing a trick.
A baseball player holding his bat on the field.
Tennis player about to hit a power serve. 
A woman is posing on a bench by tall grass.
An empty bench sitting by a garden in the yard.
A couple of people sitting on a wooden bench.
A skateboarder is standing on a cement ramp.
A picnic table near a lake and small waterfall
A man with a tennis racket jumps while playing tennis.
Three buses on a city street with a man walking in front of them.
A girl laying on a bench reading a book.
A mirror hanging from a building, showing the reflection of a different building. 
Two elephants hold people and stand near a tree.
A young child holding a bate next to a Tee ball.
A cat sits on a bench and looks behind itself. 
A boy swinging a baseball bat in midair while the catcher awaits the ball.
a garden with green plants and flowers 
A man and a woman sitting at a table. The man is on the phone.
A man is sitting on a bench by a stop sign.
A cat sleeps on a wooden bench outside.
A motorcycle is parked on a cobblestone road
A yellow bench in the water as the waves roll in.
a coupe is talking on their cellular phones
a close up of a person sitting at a table with a pizza
three luggage bags on the ground near one another 
A green bench sitting against a brick wall on a sidewalk.
A person is outside doing tricks on a skateboard.
Color full chairs outside in front of a building .
A train traveling past a train station.next to passengers.
A cat sitting on a bench and enjoying the sun.
A baseball player swings his bat during a game with a full dugout.
group of people riding elephant in water pool
a garden with a green chair and tables in it
A red and yellow train next to a train station.
There are several pieces of luggage sitting near a door and a bench.
A man swinging a baseball bat toward a ball.
Two people smile while riding an elephant together.
A pink flowering tree in a back yard garden.
Adults watch and officiate a baseball game for young children. 
A couple of stuffed animals on a bench by a walkway.
A man sits sleeping on a sidewalk bench.
A man skates on a half pipe while onlookers watch. 
A baseball pitcher with his arm fully back in a sidearm pitch.
A dog shakes water of his body with a ball in his mouth while a crowd looks on. 
A man standing on a field holding a tennis racquet.
An older model train pulling into the station on its track.
An adult and a child wearing red shoes, sitting on a bench.
A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
A bench sits on grass overlooking the street.
people walk along the sidewalk and a bus drives away from the bus stop 
A two story bus is parked next to the sidewalk. 
View of a plate and a man across the table eating at a large outdoor dinner.
A woman and a man drinking wine in a restaurant.
A train on one track near a train station.
A table sits on a bike that has a red cooler on it.
A guy sitting on a big bright purple bench with some headphones.
A man on park bench in flooded area next to harbor.
a statue of a man performing a baseball swing 
A baseball catcher and batter shown during a hit.
People in a waterside park with leaves on the ground.
A dog that is laying down under a bench.
A beautiful canopy bed sitting atop wood flooring leads inhabitants to a million dollar view.
A marine filled with lots of boats on top of a body of water.
two women with rackets walking onto a tennis court 
A man and a woman sitting on a park bench
a face is drawn on a fire hydrant
A man riding on a bike near several patio chairs. 
A man in a robe and flip flops sits on a bench.
A park bench overlooking a small bay full of sail boats.
Three men holding baseball bats dressed in full uniform the first man is holding the bat and the man in the middle has his hands crossed and the third man is holding the bat with both his hands cupped together.  
People waiting for a bus at a bus station.
Person walking while talking on a cell phone.
Woman in old time clothes washing a small child in an outdoor basin.
A snow covered resort with people skiing and enjoying the snow and a carasel with a protective covering over it.
A motorcycle parked next to a signpost and a bench made of logs
A group of senior citizens dressed in white playing baseball.
A bunch of guys are playing frisbee on a field.
A blue bench made of bears on a brick path
A man lunges low to hit a tennis ball with a racket. 
Members of the military are in a park.
A street with some signs and a building near the street
Woman with bright smock sitting on a wooden bench
A man sitting on a bench using the phone
Two women sitting on a bench having a conversation. 
a big bed that has a bunch of pilow
A cat is in a lush setting sitting on a bench.
a group of police officers riding on horses 
The fire hydrant on the sidewalk is painted gold.
An old man sitting on a bench and he is wearing a purse
A young boy seated on a park bench.
Woman sitting and posing on a park bench.
A baseball player is up to bat on home base during a baseball game. 
A double-decker bus with a sign on the side that says, "THE HONESTY SHOP."
A man sitting on a bench alongside the curb of a busy street.
The wooden bench is near a trail in the park.
People at a beach area watching people play in the water.
A man and a woman sit together on a bench.
Tall grass next to a metal park bench 
A woman and an older woman in the yard
A moped sits in front of an old car.
A person on a bench and a large bus.
A white dog with a black and brown face sits on a white bench with a woman in a striped shirt.
A pigeon is sitting on the top of a bench.
A group of people on sidewalk with umbrellas and jackets.
Heavy traffic on a busy five-lane city street.  
A woman with her luggage in the marble floored hall of a train station
A man holding a bat playing a baseball game on a field.
a two story house with a fancy door and a balcony
Two men at bench looking out towards a body of water.
Two women about to take a ride on an elephant.
A small lego style bench in front of a scale garden bench.
A toddler is sitting on bench at a park. 
Two men standing next to a black motorcycle.
Dogs and sheep in a field with covered bleacher containing people in the background.
The woman is window shopping in a quaint city shopping area.
A fruit stand with several baskets of apples on a table.
A girl demonstrating the act of shaving sitting on a bench.
An older man sits on a bench while gazing at the water.
A teen skateboarder flying in the air on his skateboard after jumping two steps.
A man in a jersey is playing frisbee while others watch.
Three baseball players at the pitch while others watch
A male tennis player prepares to serve the ball
A large room with a decorated Christmas tree in it.
A motel lobby featuring a vase with a floral arrangement on a table with publications.
A woman taking a bite of her food.
a man swinging a bat on the baseball field
two women and two children play on a tennis court
There is a room with a lot of white furniture in it.
Woman in red jacket is sitting on a bench.
a tennis player gets ready to hit a ball with a racket 
Park bench sitting alongside a building wall. 
A group of young people playing a game of basketball.
A roundabout with a clock tower and various flowers around it.
A woman sitting on a bench with her bike and dog.

A person sitting on a big block talking on a cell phone.
A man pitching a baseball on a baseball field.
A family is sitting on a bench while a dog lays in the road.
A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
A church with a large altar and high ceilings.
An outdoor bench on a sidewalk on a busy street.
The parrot is biting the keys of a laptop. 
An outdoor event with brightly colored banners and kites.
A wooden bench on a road by the grass.
A man playing frisbee with a boy in a back yard.
Three park benches next to a grassy field.
A woman with a brown cardigan and a blue umbrella.
PERSON ON SKATEBOARD MAKING A JUMP UP ONTO RAMP
The bench by the beach and the water is empty. 
a woman reaching up to hit a tennis ball with her racket
A woman in a grassy field flying a kite.
A bike pared behind a wooden bench on a beach.
A baseball player swings at a ball while the catcher is ready to catch the ball.
His long face is accentuated by his long nose and beard.
A batter is getting ready to hit a ball.
A man in an orange shirt prepares to serve the ball in a tennis match.
There is a baseball player at base with a bat 
a large building, leafless trees and a fountain
A white bike parked next to a  couple of statues.
blue wooden bench near a mountain and houses
A child playing tennis on a city square.
A boat sits perched on the side of a water
A group of people walking in a park between two red apartment buildings. 
red haired woman sitting alone on a bench
A building outdoors on a town street near some street signs. 
Snow boarders take a break at the bottom of the mountain.
A woman holding a tennis racket on the court.
A young man and woman sit looking at a cell phone.
A little boy that is sitting on a bench.
A woman drinking water and a man with a backpack stand by a city bench.
A woman sitting in a train station looking at her phone.
The lady sitting on the park bench watches porn on her cell phone.
It is going down right now at the baseball stadium.
A man with a skateboard walking through a park
A man wearing leather pants and no shirt.
A brown teddy bear sitting on a bench outside. 
A red park bench next to a table with a lot of plants on display.
A woman taking a nap on a park bench.
A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
A man lays on a park bench; a passerby stops to check on a man laying on a park bench.
A gold and black two level bus with open seating on the top.
Several empty wooden slat benches at a park
A group of people sitting around a park under tall buildings.
The harbor in town is currently empty by the water. 
A large long hallway with many doors to the sides and a large window at the end with a clock.
A clock and benches on a city courtyard.
A coach talking to a tennis player sitting on a bench during a tennis event.
A park bench overlooking a lake and forest.
Tennis player and kid standing on a pro tennis court.
A person carrying a snow board with it his left hand.
People sit on a couch near the wall with an intricate design.
A man standing near a van advertising a movie.
He is watching the sky on the deck of the boat.
Two men and women on park bench next to a tree.
Kids are playing a league baseball game as parents look on from the benches. 
A pitcher on the pitching mound gripping his crotch.
two men jumping up to try and grab a frisbee in the air 
a park bench in the fog with graffiti written on it
People are standing in front of a small store 
A park bench with scrolled armrests, on a sidewalk.
A brown cat is sitting on a bench near bushes.
A black cat is looking to the side as it sits on a wooden bench.
A well dressed man and woman are standing on the side walk.
Two people sitting on a bunch, each working in their own book.
An elephant uses its truck to hold a hat.
some people sitting on some benches and a building
a red bench and some buildings and lights
In the first picture a man is sitting on a bench and in the second picture the same man is walking with his hands in his pocket. 
A passenger train that is pulling into a station.
Train pulling up to a stop with people waiting for it. 
A concrete bench in a park near some white tulips.
THERE ARE PEOPLE THAT ARE STANDING ON THE BEAH WITH SURF BOARDS
A woman picks something up while another woman watches.
Some one about to take bat at a base ball game. 
A man and a woman are riding an elephant in a river.
Two people are sitting on a bench by the water.
A woman sitting at a table on her phone.
Young girls sits on wooden bench with kittens.
View of a dock with lawn chairs and a table.
A teenager grinding a park bench in a dark lot.
A woman watches a man hold a kite on the beach.
A baseball player standing next to home plate with a bat.
A man playing tennis sets up a backhand shot
A woman is flying a kite in a field.
A man is catching the frisbee in the park. 
A wooden bench sitting in a grass field.
A skateboarder in the middle of doing a trick.
 A pair of men playing doubles tennis on a court.
Two bicycles are sitting on the railing near a dock.
A man and woman sit on a bench overlooking a lake. 
A baseball player at bat waiting for a pitch.
Two people helping and elderly woman to her seat.
Three people are playing ball in the park.
A lady standing at the waters edge on steps leading to a lake.
The front end of a motorcycle parked in grass 
A bunch of people near a fence with some umbrellas.
the adventurers are trying out their homemade raft
Blue, white and orange train is parked at the train station on the tracks.
A young girl wearing purple stands with her tennis racket at a tennis net.
A young boy throws a frisbee in a tree lined park.
Two children sitting on a wooden park bench in the middle of the woods.
A lady with two children sitting on a park bench.
A dog sitting in an open doorway while people are sitting at a table.
Empty seats on a city train line mass transportation unit.
The woman adjusts the hat of her small child as a man holds the child's hand. 
A man wearing a vest and a tie with glasses.
Three people wearing ski gear sitting on a ski lift.
A BASEBALL PLAYER SWINGING A BAT AT A BASEBALL GAME 
A man practices skateboarding at the skateboard park.
a long wooden bench in the park in a sunny area 
an image of two people riding bikes towards a house
A man covers his ears with his hands as he stands outside a store
Two men smoking and talking on cell phones on a bench outside a building 
A park bench surrounded by and partially covered in snow.
the bench is facing the water on a rainy day. 
A batter, catcher and coach in a baseball game.
A man in a tie standing by a bud light truck.
A person with a bag crossing a street.
An empty street with a sign welcoming you to town
a lone swan swims in a lake off the shore
A walking street in a small town with a large number of birds.
A baseball player gets ready to swing at a pitch.
A large public bus with three sets of doors on the street with a building in the background and people seated on benches in front of it.
a female tennis player in a white shirt is playing tennis
This is an image of a zebra walking in captivity.
Seven people are sitting on a bench engaged in various activities on a city street. 
a wooden bench in front of a building
A bench sitting in a stone wall in front of a waterway.
A baseball player watches a pitch as it gets closer.
An older couple admiring a pelican on a bench.
A pizza box sitting on a bench in a park.
a wooden bench and some tall grass behind it
A man is sitting on a chair holding a frisbee.
An old worn down saw horse sitting by an old barrel. 
a woman wearing all black is playing tennis
A person with a skateboard on a street.
PERSON SITTING ON A BENCH IN BETWEEN TWO OVER SIZED BEARS
A wooden bench by a concrete wall with two windows.
A baseball game in progress at a huge stadium.
A kitchen in an apparently very old house.
A brown vase holding a green flower filled plant next to a short white wall.
A man I smiling standing on a long board
Two men playing tennis on outdoor court with crowd watching.
Man in white shirt playing tennis in an indoor gymnasium.
Closed umbrellas and beach chairs lay on the beach.
A living room with white walls and blue couches
A man flies a kite in a park.
Many skateboarders are skating around the large skate park. 
three boys that are playing Frisbee in a field
A white bird walking on top of a pond of water.
A little girl wearing a coat sitting on a bench
a woman sitting on a bench below a shade tree
a white girl laying down on a grey bench 
A room has a mat and blanket on the floor.
People walk and drive past a colorful, round shaped building on a corner.
They are resting under the tower clock on the bench.
A person jumps a blockade with his skateboard.
A white and brown dog laying on top of a yellow bench.
a guy on a snowboard going accros a bench
A stuff monkey sitting on a table with a banna.
there are four elderly people that are sitting on the benches
A man sitting on a bench crossing his leg
Beer bottle on picnic table on beach with umbrellas and swimmer
A bike that is next to a bench.
A man sitting a wooden bench with his radio.
Wooden bench next to a window in a grey cement wall.
a baseball player that is at home plate
A green bus that is sitting on a street.
A group of skiers standing at the base of a mountain
a animal walks in front of a yoga center 
A man on a skateboard doing a trick on a bench.
The two laptops are on a wooden table near mouse pads.
Two tennis players playing on a hard surface court.
A young man ridding a skateboard and listening to tunes.
A cow staring curiously as it stands in a field.
A person is trying to hit a ball on the tennis court.
Older woman holding plastic bag in checking phone in public area.
A skateboarder is on a ramp doing a trick.
a green bench on the sidewalk with a blue bottle on top
a cat stretching on a blue wooden bench
A man that is sitting with a dog.
A city area with a small park in the shape of a rectangle.
He chased at a bad pitch and missed and now faces a full count
The catcher caught the ball striking the batter out.
an image of a female tennis player returning a serve
She watches out the train window as the scenery flies by. 
A black and white photo of several high school kids sitting around.
A baseball player pitching a ball on top of a field.
the people are standing around a man on his bike
A cat sitting next to a window looking out on a bird.
A motorcycle parked outside of a public area during the day.
A wooden box on top of two tin boxes.
A little boy riding on a pile of luggage on wheels.
a person riding a skate board jumping on to a ledge
A man on a bench holds a dog on a leash
People stand near around street signs mounted in cement pole holders.
an image of umbrellas lined up with tables
A homeless man sitting on a bench with all his things.
The yellow train is at the station platform.
A row of benches on a board walk over looking the water.
A man in a soccer field about to kick a ball
A man on a yard holding a white Frisbee.
A variety of catamarans are on the water preparing to set sail.
the inside of a bus converted into a kitchen
A large window cut into the wood wall in a room with benches along the wall.
A cat is playing with a wooden chair.
A man sitting on a black and yellow bench on the phone.
A silver and yellow fire hydrant in the grass near a traffic sign in the street on a wood pole. 
A parking meter on the side of the road.
A family outside eating lunch on wooden picnic tables.
A cat is curled up and sleeping on an old bench.
A street scene with shops and a clock tower
A train sits in a train station parked on tracks
A youth baseball player is up to bat and gripping low.
A person sitting on one of several benches near a city street.
A nice bedroom with a large headboard and bench.
A book perched on the arm of a roadside bench
An enclosed patio with wood benches, large potted plants and a large ceramic giraffe in the corner.
A green and yellow train at a train station
Two people in hats sit on a park bench.
A cat laying on top of a deck near a fence.
A bus parked on a street next to a sidewalk underneath a tree.
a lady about to kick a soccer ball.
The bench is empty in the wooded area. 
People are sitting close together on a public transportation.
A little girl standing in front of surfboards pushed into the sand.
A bench sits next to a tree near a cliff. 
A river filled with lots of different colored boats.
A man swinging a bat on a baseball field.
Two standing guys waiting at a bus stop.
A man and a little girl are sitting on a bench in a garden.
A group of people are gathered around an outdoor bench. 
A man leaning against a pole near a bench.
An old man is sleeping on a park bench.
a group og young people playing soccer on a field
White bench on a beach overlooking the sea.
Snow covered benches with bushes in the background
A white bench that seats four in front of a wall with shrubs.
THERE IS A GIRL THAT IS SITTING ON THE BENCH 
A wooden boat sits along the ocean shore.
A batter is preparing to swing at a baseball game.
City square of old brick buildings and clock tower in middle
A person on a skateboard does an air trick.
THERE IS A BENCH THAT IS IN THE GRASS
little boys are being coached in baseball at a park
A group of boys standing next to a park bench.
a black and white photo of a man a boy and two girls
Two teddy bear statues outside on the field.
A young man in a white uniform standing at base on a baseball field.
A cat is standing on a wooden bench.
A man standing behind a black cow in a street.
Two women sitting on a metal bench next to a large sign.
The skateboarder is attempting a very difficult trick.
The woman is holding up a umbrella while walking in the snow. 
A hot plate sits on an old wooden table in a hovel.
a woman drinks some water while sitting on a bus 
A girl and a woman are walking with some kites.
A PERSON WITH A SMALL CHILD LOOKING AT A GIRAFFE.
A wooden bench outside in front of some plants.
Black and white photograph of woman sitting on a park bench.
a man that is jumping a skateboard over something
A BOY ON A SKATE BOARD ON THE SIDE WALK 
A woman serving food from a cooker to people.
a bunch of people are riding bicycles on a road
A coffee cup placed on a park bench.
A set of shiny wooden benches line a boardwalk.
a sign showing that there kids playing in the field
Small teddy bear sitting on a pile of bags on the side of a street.
kids rest on a park bench and table next to a tree.
Two female soccer players kicking a soccer ball.
A dog wearing a baseball cap and glasses stands on a sidewalk
A yellow train is pulling into the station
A man tossing a frisbee while standing on a lush green park.
A woman is sitting on a stone bench by a statue.
A bicyclist whizzes by a park bench in a blur.
A park bench inside a Polynesian styled hut.
three male skateboarders tables snow and red truck
A bench in front of a bookshelf, filled with books near a table and window.
Old man wearing a cap sits on a bench to read a book
The picture shows four people sitting closely together on a bench.
A couple is sitting on a bench overlooking green water and duck paddleboats.
Glasses of wine sit on a coffee table.
A woman riding skis on top of a snow covered ground.
Man and Woman Sitting on Bus and Holding a Cat
a number of bunches near a large body of water
A CHILD IS PLYING BASE BALL ON THE FIELD 
A man sits on a bench in front of snow. 
Two older men have a discussion on a bench.
A street scene with street vendors in the background.
A group of plants that are sitting on a bench.
A young man playing a game of tennis against an opponent.
A person sits on a bench with the skyline in the distance.
man catching a Frisbee while his leg folds backwards
A guy in a black hoodie getting ready to ride his skateboard.
No one is on the bench by the water
A group of people walking down a small walkway.
People sitting on benches at a bus stop at a city street.
A bus is traveling down the road through the city.
A man stands with a black umbrella on a train platform.
A woman walking down a street while wearing a dress.
A baseball player throwing a baseball bat and taking off in a run.
An outdoor window reflects a tall gray cluster of buildings.
A man with his dog is sitting on a park bench.
a person wearing a blue shirt sitting on a bench
A Smart Car parked next to an automated parking meter.
A large area with gardens and a large clock. 
A woman uses a laptop computer against a backdrop of flowers.
A bench sitting positioned next to a body of water on a snowy day.
The bird is sitting on the picnic table in the middle of the grass.
A train is making its way through the town on the tracks.
A man swings to hit a tennis ball on a court. 
A skateboarder practices jumping using a wooden ramp inside a garage.
various pieces of pottery lining the shelves in a workshop
A fireplace with a mirror above is in the background and a couch is in the foreground. 
A blue passenger train on the tracks at a station.
a large plane is sitting in the dirt
A man sitting on a bench looking out at a scenic view.
City street with double decker red buses moving at a rapid pace.
A cat sitting on a bench in front of a building.
A woman looking at a group of giraffes. 
A bus that is sitting behind a motorcycle in the street.
Man in white shirt riding a skateboard on sidewalk.
A group of horse statues in front of a fountain that people are standing by.
A large elephant carries travelers across the town.
A trash can sitting next to a bench outside with a trash bag next to it . 
A young batter swings his bat to try and hit a pitch.
An old coutnry store has a display of stuffed animals outside.
A man sitting on a park bench next to a bicycle.
A woman sitting on a bench with a balloon.
A woman sitting on a blue bus seat using a cell phone.
The backs of two wooden benches in front of flowers and a tree.
A man excitedly looking at a plate of food.
A woman and child walking in city with rain
a man with a baseball bat with one foot off the ground on a baseball field
A rusty statue of a man is overlooking a lake. 
a person that is eating a big piece of pizza
An old woman sitting on a park bench. 
A big trained hawk that is sitting on a picnic table. 
Baseball players watch a game from the bench.
A couple of young boys standing in front of a goal.
A young lady is holding a purple umbrella with phrases on it. 
An outside sitting area in which there are no people.
lady walking in the rain with her umbrella
A person sitting on a bench by a very big pretty tree.
a group of people standing in front of some building with candles 
a blue yellow and white train at a station and some people
A dog looking the same direction as two females sitting on a park bench facing a body of water.
A catcher, empire, and baseball player on a field.
A ski slope is covered with hundreds of people skiing.
Four people going up a hill in a ski lift.
An elderly woman writes on a sticky note in front of caged animals. 
A double decker bus travelling down a city street.
Park bench facing a range of mountains on hill. 
A group of people riding on the backs of elephants.
Woman sitting on a bench looking at her cell phone.
A teenager with crossed legs leans on a skate board.
A close up of two wooden benches on a boat deck.
A skateboarder shows the artwork under his board during a leap
A single pole clock lines a night time cityscape.
A girl with a racket in one hand.
A group of skiers at a picnic table having something to eat.
a woman looks over an infant in a high chair reaching for a birthday cake
A skateboarder rides along a diagonally slanted wall.
A little boy is playing baseball and swings and misses.
The bull is standing on the sandy beach.
A boy flying a kite in a park.
a young boy in a baseball uniform swinging his baseball bat
A man sitting on a bench next to a statue of a man getting inside his briefcase 
a public transit bus driving near a building
An Italian Neoclassic church amongst Renaissance era architecture
Adult cat with a collar sitting outdoors on a wooden bench,
A plaster rhino is in the back of a pickup truck.
A man and woman sitting on a bench next to birds.
A person hitting a baseball with a bat during a baseball game.
A man sitting on a bench outdoors near a building. 
A boy and girl cuddle next to each other on a bench. 
A bench with a circle of paved stones around it.
A man standing by a woman holding a guide dog.
Woman flying a kite while others watch the kites.
An old photograph of red train cars in the snow.
A beautiful woman sitting down writing with an orange marker.
Man with cowboy hat and cane sitting on park bench.
A batter is preparing to swing at a baseball game.
Two birds rest along the marshy shore of a flooded lake.
Several people gathered outside of a bar at night.
A woman sitting on a wooden bench holding a hat.
A bus parked near a statue of a woman on a pedestal.
Male tennis player standing on a court holding a racket.
A train is traveling down a rail in a beautiful park full of people. 
Man relaxing under a tree with his laptop
Black and white photograph of a dog next to a park bench.
A skateboarder zips along the bench at the park.
a black and white photo of a person with a cell phone
a group of boys in baseball hats sit on a bench
A woman is sitting on a park bench.
Two look both ways signs on a sidewalk.
Man walking through city while talking on phone.
The motorcycle riders visit the site with several flags.
A dog pants beside a metal bowl and another dog in a fenced area.
A large clock on a pole by some trees.
People walking in train station next to a train.
Tennis player shortly after hitting the tennis ball.
some people buildings and two green train cars
a woman is wearing a red dress and playing tennis
An attractive clock tower with landscaping around it.
The man wearing shoulder and knee pads is posing next to a motorcycle. 
A series of photos showing the creation of a hand carved bench from a large wooden tree log.
Couple riding on bicycles holding hands in a park. 
A man sits on a bench and works on his laptop
A person that is laying down on a bench.
a club house at a park with cook out grills
A women dressed in a corset and underwear holding an umbrella on a field with many people
A city pier with benches to enjoy the view
Clock and flag on street corner of NE Stella St.
A tennis player prepares to return a tennis ball.
A red two deck bus parked at the curb by a McDonalds.
Several elephants and their trainers performing together during a show.
The train is setting on the train tracks near the weeds.
A woman and a young boy walking on a sidewalk with many parked bicycles.
A batter up to bat during a baseball game.
People standing around a table with a display of bottles.
A red and black motorcycle with a brown satchel parked in a lot.
Three people holding up their left hands while sitting together on a bench.
A bird sitting on top of a wooden bench.
A sign is displayed on a sidewalk with people.
A bench with a broken slat overlooking the water.
Young boys are playing softball on a dirt field.
a batter on the batting mark and a catcher behind him at he plate 
A motorcycle police officer drives down the sidewalk. 
A bench under a tree overlooking a small pond.
Man touching the chest of a elephant with his mouth open.
A wide pedestrian crossing leading to a shopping square
A man is getting ready to throw a frisbee at a picnic area. 
Two people walk on the wet sidewalk carrying umbrellas.
A fire hydrant and a bike resting on pole on a sidewalk
A school cafeteria with everybody either talking or eating.
A male tennis player attempted to hit an oncoming tennis ball
A sign that is on the side of a building.
The man is walking down the concrete on his phone.
Soccer player is getting ready to kick the ball.
A white beanch is sitting in the middle of a courtyard.
A young child riding a skateboard in a gymnasium.
A bench that is near grass, trees, and water. 
A man in a long coat and white shoes sits on a bench on a sidewalk as a black car is behind him.
an image of a person doing tricks on the skateboard
A bird sitting on top of a bench and a cat sitting underneath it.
A women is sitting on a bench alone in front of busy street. 
the batter who just hit the ball is about to run
Three people standing around a small enclosure of sheep and goats.
A boat is docked in the water near a large house.
Crowd looks on as hitter and catcher prepare to receive the pitch
A clock mounted on a sign post near a building with several towers.
Two kids are playing tennis on a makeshift court.
A painted seat embellished with colors made by nature.
A bench, with worn, green paint on the bench. 
Many soccer players are competing for control of the ball. 
A baseball player hitting a ball at a game.
A woman and a puppy with the woman holding the pupping in the air.
Two men are standing in a body of water near a bench. 
People enjoy a park with shady trees and benches.
A skateboarder is jumping with his arms extended in the air.
A man and woman standing by the tracks of a train station.
There is only one bench seen at this field 
A bench with blankets and backpacks on it 
An empty bench is next to a path.
A metal statue with a robe and a pole.
A girl posing with a stop sign at a park. 
A man standing next to some snow near skateboards in a city.
Baseball players sitting in the dugout with their equipment.
A woman wearing shorts sitting on a stone bench.
Two men are sitting on a bench on a sidewalk.
Several people are walking or riding horses down a path.
A four sided clock sits on top of the pole
Boy jumping his skateboard on a riverside walkway.
a empty train track and walkway next to buildings
Two women and a baby are sitting on a bench
A bench is sitting in front of a street lamp.
A cow walking through a marketplace near a man and clothes. 
A guy sitting on a wooden bench by a bike.
A man laying on a bench reading a book
a bus that is being drove down the road
A person sitting on a bench by some grass.
A group of skiers in the snow wearing number tags.
A man holding a tennis racket in his hand.
a bike leaning against a bench made out of wood
A guy sits on a public bench with protesting signs.
A skateboarder skates down the concrete cliffs of a skateboard park.
A lady with a small child sitting by a park bench with a dog.
A man bending over a pile of trash on the sidewalk.
a male in a white shirt is throwing a frisbee
two people are wearing black and are carrying a black and a red umbrella
A man sitting next to a woman on top of a bench.
A person talking to two policemen on horses in a park.
A man grinds on a handrail with his skateboard
A batter at a baseball game preparing for a pitch.
Two young boys wearing suits and ties posing for the camera.
A life-sized elephant surrounded by crowds in a museum exhibition.
a parking meter on a rural street and a parked car
A woman in a swimsuit runs near a residential area by the beach.
A young teenage girl standing in stadium seats.
two benches back to back in a large park
Three people enjoying lunch on a park bench
a guy playing sports sits down and relaxes
A brick home and sidewalk with an unattended lawn
An airport terminal with many benches and seats.
An old gray car parked outside near a bench. 
There is a man holding a umbrella sitting looking
a man in a suit sitting on a bench looking at papers
a black and white kitty looking up while sitting on a bench
an old man in a hat sits on a bench
A bench in a park with the back slats painted in rainbow colors.
some people on a street and some green and white street signs
A woman sits on a bench near a lake and reads a book.
a lady sitting on a bench looking at the ocean
Two people are sitting on a concrete bench eating.
The chairs are outside in the sun overlooking the city.
A man skiing in a snow covered sidewalk

Woman standing in grassy area near baseball field.
A woman with a walker is sitting on a park bench.
Lawn chairs and umbrellas are strewn about this beach
An older couple sits on a park bench and watches something out of camera view.
A group of people playing a game of tennis.
The lady is sitting on the bench holding her handbag.
A woman is helping a red kite fly in a park. 
a bench on the street with some drawn pics
Women in striped outfit sitting on wooden bench near beach.
A car and bus are driving down the street.
A picture taken of a passing train from the window of another train.
an older woman in a leopard jacket sitting on a bench
a man and a little girl sitting in between the grinch and doctor seuss.
A man and a woman sharing a yellow umbrella in the rain.
A statue of a cow with make-up, pearls and stockings on. 
A man laying on top of a blue bench.
A bear statue sits on a sidewalk near a park.
A woman listening to music while rollerblading outside
A man sitting on a city bench talking on a cell phone.
A couple of people sitting on a wooden bench.
A man walking in front of a train station.
a young man with his skateboard takes a break to eat lunch
A black cat laying on a wood bench in the sun. 
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench in a park.
Two people stand on a tennis court near the net with their gear.
Two young children eat on a porch bench.
A man holding a baseball wearing a catchers mitt.
Two trains on parallel tracks near a station
A dog on a leash lounges on a bench outdoors.
A batter is up at the plate in a game of baseball.
A bed that is made up with various color pillows.
Two buses that are sitting in the street.
A person in a grey jacket jumping over a bench.
A black and white photo of a person with a lot of bags. 
A squirrel sitting on top of a bench in a wooded area. 
A skateboarder is doing a jump trick over a red cone.
a little kid that is standing next to a suitcase
Person standing on skateboard at skate park at night. 
A park bench is seen through two trees.
a big pink bus that is going down the road
Three small benches with a pigeon in front
A man performs a skateboard trick in the air.
a stuffed animal on top of many bags
A bird that is standing on a wooden bench.
A person walking down a street holding an umbrella..
Two kids are sitting on a wooden bench on the beach.
There is a soft ball game that is going on on the field
It's now mandatory that the batter wear a helmet to protect against head injury.
A man who is sitting at a table with a plate of food in front of him.
The crowd is looking on to the exciting baseball game.
A baseball player tossing a ball without a shirt
Snow has fallen on the beach right next to the ocean.
A stone and wood park bench in front of a rustic workshop.
Two soccer teams playing a match in a field.
Two police officers are talking to each other about directions
a woman and toddler sitting on a bench with trellis 
A woman standing on a tennis court holding a racket. 
A girl plays a very dizzying game with a baseball bat.
This woman is wearing crazy knee length socks 
The three friends are enjoying their afternoon snack.
A decorative elephant statue in a public square.
A bench in front of a wall covered with orange flowers.
A elephant being ridden by a little boy.
People are walking together on the brick path.
A bench sits on a lawn overlooking a pond.
The man is skateboarding in the park with other people. 
Two yellow buses and people standing beside mountains. 
Children are looking at vegetables displayed at a table.
The bicycle is parked close to the train.
an electronic street sign on a snowy city street
A person coming down a hill on a snow board.
A surfer rides a wave on a fast moving river.
a boy without a shirt skateboarding as other people watch
Small grey cat and white and orange cat sitting on a blanket on a bench. 
A postman watching passengers exit a commuter bus
A paper mache replica of a dog stands on a bench.
A young baseball player has hit the ball and making a run.
a tennis player hitting a tennis ball on a court
A man sitting along looking out the window in the dining car of a train.
A man dressed in a red shirt hitting a baseball. 
A zebra standing on concrete in a fenced enclosure.
A baseball player swinging a bat at a game.
A bunch of signs and flyers hanging on a traffic light pole
A bench is shown on a sidewalk by a building.
A group of people mill about in a park area.
a man works on his lap top while sitting on a bench on a forest path
A man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
a truck on a road riding down a street corner. 
Skateboarder wearing a gorilla suit and blue underwear on the streets. 
Boats anchored on the side of a river.
Benches in a green park overlook a calm blue bay
two people on a seat riding on the back of an elephant 
An abandoned  cement area with a bench 
some people are near a wood bench outside
An older woman sitting on a bench between two trees.
Two guys are skate boarding in a building while either people standing around talking or sitting down on bleachers
a woman sitting at a table with a surfboard
PERSON WITH UMBRELLA WALKING PAST FOUNTAIN OF WATER
a teddy bear is sitting in a chair holding a book
a man on a skate board does a trick in the air 
two people wearing plastic and holding open umbrellas
A man in a track suit sitting on a bench
Two animals that are standing in the grass.
Various airplanes on display in giant airplane hanger 
A child and a man in fatigues standing with skateboards.
A cyclist rides a bicycle in the rain while using an umbrella.
A young man holds his skateboard while in a courtyard that is next to a large rock building.
A woman riding a bike down a street.
A bike leaning against a park bench near the water
This picture is of the action at home plate during a baseball game. There is a man at bat, behind him a catcher and behind the catcher an umpire.
two boats with a raft platform on a large body of water
Three kids sitting on a bench near trees. 
A little league player takes a practice swing.
Professional tennis player jumping up to hit the ball
Woman in white had and glasses walking past a green park bench.
A fire hydrant next to a bush, both covered in snow.
A white bus parks at the side of a street.
A girl playing with a Frisbee on a play field. 
People walking by some benches in a shopping mall.
A group of people riding on the backs of elephants.
Two people setting up their tennis shot in a game of doubles.
Spools of thread on a table on a deck
A dog jumping into a pull filled with crystal blue water.
Several people sitting on picnic tables at a pavilion near water.
A cat is making itself comfortable on a piano bench.
Black and white photograph of pedestrians in an alley
A herd of sheep standing on the back to a river.
The altar and pews in a large an open church.
A boat traveling down the water in the middle of a body of water, with a man on  a bench watching.
A dining car of a train with people seated in the furthest half, and none in closest half, with red bench seats, and tables with glasses and plastic beverage bottles, and yellow ceiling and walls, with white scalloped drape trim above the windows.
a person sitting on a bench on a pier
A man checks his bicycle for damage before riding it.
A ball player is high in the air on the court.
An overhead view of a tennis court while a game commences.
A young boy holding a sandwich up to his face.
An artist on a  park bench with a clock over his head
A pleasant event with people sitting and standing as they enjoy themselves.
People on vacation waiting to board a historical train. 
The food is ready to be eaten at the table. 
A kitchen made of mostly wood with a small desk with a laptop.
A small girl seated on a wooden bench in front of a fence.
A baseball player follow through on his swing and tries to hit the ball.
A boy getting ready to hit the baseball.
A couple relaxing on a park bench in the summer time
A wooden bench sitting in front of a window.
a number of lawn chairs on a beach with umbrellas
People are riding bikes down a sidewalk in the sun.
A park view picture, there appears to be a filter on the camera.
A crowd of people sitting on a beach near large boats.
Several girls playing soccer in a large and empty stadium. 
A man sitting on a bench with two dogs.
The baseball player swings his bat at the ball.
An elderly man at a barbecue grill cooking hot dogs in a back yard.
A 30th birthday cake shaped as a teddy bear.
Uniformed players playing baseball near a fence with spectators.  
A woman holds a frisbee behind her back.
The tennis player is reaching for a low serve.
A bench is sitting in some gravel outside.
A boy playing baseball crouches at bat as the ball passes over his head
a park with people sitting out surrounded by a city 
A picture from the early 1900's with people sitting outside on benches.
A woman seated on a wooden bench next to a field
A yellow train pulling into a train station.
A woman in grey shirt on park bench with cellphone and bicycle.
Three people ride on an elephant in a park
The cat is laying down on the wooden bench in the sun. 
A crane standing on the back of a wooden bench.
A person standing by the water flying a kite.
A person on a skateboard on a street.
Man and a storm trooper waiting at a bus stop.
a group of people sitting at some picnic tables
a big long bench in front of a fence
a woman is walking next to her bike and holding the leash of a dog
A bench look at a bridge over a pool of water.
An outdoor patio area with a wooden bench, plastic chair and a black piece of luggage with a closed umbrella resting on top of it.
A baseball game with a baseball player at bat and a catcher and umpire behind home plate.
A narrow city street has a clock hanging overhead.
two people kneeling holding coll phones near a christmas tree
A girl has just whacked a tennis ball. 
The man is sitting on the bench by himself.
A baseball player getting ready to hit the ball.
A beautiful woman sitting at a table near a laptop computer.
a baseball player warm up with a baseball bat 
A bench is sitting by a stone wall and palm tree.
People sitting near a colorful striped canvas tent.
The legs of people riding on a subway.
a couple of cats are laying on a bench
Two people ride on top of an elephant. 
A blue bench next to two bikes with helmets attached.
An empty park bench on top of a big hill.
an image of park bench sitting in the middle of the woods
A park with green, blue, white, yellow and red park benches.
A wooden dock with metal railings and benches.
a person riding a skate board on a ledge
A man and woman sitting on a park bench under a huge tree
a man sitting down with a frisbee covering his face
A woman sitting on a bench checking he cellphone. 
A man riding a skateboard on top of a stone bench.
A scary clown sitting on a park bench.
A group of people riding motorcycles on a street.
Empty flower pots on a platform in a grassy yard.
a few park benches along the side walk
The Plymstock number six bus taking off on its daily schedule.
A group of people holding umbrellas walking on a boardwalk by water.
a wooden bench with plant life all around
A baseball player in a black and white uniform is next to a player in blue and white.
A woman sitting on top of a bench on a lush green field.
A view of an entrance to a train station.
Some baseball players are playing baseball game outdoor. 
A pair of shoes are placed under a bench.
two people sitting on a bench reading, lots of bikes nearby.
A resort has chairs, umbrellas, and a bar.
A track is brightly colored underneath a sky with darkened clouds.
A bending driveway show grass alongside it and a bench with a Styrofoam cup, with something, possibly a sandwich on top of it,  and a book, before it recedes past a gate to an area of many trees.  
a large crowd at a park with some flying fancy shaped kites 
A man swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.
Some men sitting on a bench by a dog.
A backless bench in a open grassy area of a park.
Player trying to catch ball in dirt during sanctioned game.
A baseball player is taking a swing at a ball.
A young man doing tricks on a skateboard.
A man riding a snowboard through the air on a ski slope.
A man sitting with head back on a slatted bench outside on pavement, with stairs behind.
A woman is posing with a glass of wine. 
a snowy landscape with many people on skis
A young skateboarder is sitting down tying his shoes
Black and white photograph of a train in a train station.
A red train sitting next to a loading platform.
A wooden bench sitting in the middle of a forest.
A man looking at his cell phone while standing near two benches. 
The train is stopping on the railroad tracks.
A skate boarder performing a trick on a railing.
A small boy in ski gear on the bunny slopes of a resort
A bench that is near a large bush. 
A player holding a bat in a baseball game.
A tennis player running to hit the ball.
a woman is handing her phone to another woman

RAILWAY TRACKS WITH TRAINS AND BUILDINGS NEAR TO IT.
a man jumping up while hitting a tennis ball
A bay with a truck and crane near a river
a man and dog sitting on a bench 
Skate boarders in action at a skate park.
A lone public bench under a tree surrounded by other trees and grass.  
A duck sitting on top of a cement block.
The lady is touching the big teddy bear. 
The green double decker bus is stopped near a yellow sidewalk.
A closeup of an armrest of an old park bench 
Young girl posing holding a bottle of soda to camera.
A large wooden train is on display in the park.
A stand full of people sits at a baseball game while a man in a gray and white uniform holds the bat while on home plate.
A bicycle pulling a trailer in the snow leaning against a brick building.
an old man standing next to a bike and a chain fence.
A wooden bench is sitting on a platform next to the water.
A baseball player swings at a pitch during a game.
A sanitation truck is parked next to a river.
A person skateboarding on an outside basketball court.
A horse bucking with a rider on it, completely vertical, with another horse and onlookers.
Tennis game at a stadium with a man serving the ball and some people in the stands.
A car driving down a street next to a naked tree.
Various benches in the middle of wooded area.
A man in sunglasses skateboarding down a slide. 
A woman wearing boots and a coat seated on a bench
Three people are playing Frisbee on a green lawn.
The dog and her owner are sitting on the bench.
Looking down on a giant rocking bench and large animal heads.
a bright blue bus going down the road 
Two birds are standing beside a ball of tin foil.
A little boy who is holding on to a kite.
Two people sitting on a bench in a green field next to a body of water.
A group of people sit on a bench facing a city intersection. 
A man removing his jacket on a park bench alongside a woman.
A man is sitting on a bench reading a newspaper.
a man sits at a bench with sunglasses on
A bench in front of a table with a lit candle.
A delicious pile of condiments complement a hot dog
A few baseball bats leaned up against a wall
A man is walking his dog through a park area.
Waterside benches are empty as boats are out on the water.
A park with benches and a sign next to a concrete walkway.
A woman and child sit on a bench with pizza. 
A tennis player with racket serving the ball
A man looks at his phone while relaxing on a park bench. 
A group of young boys cluster around a soccer ball. 
a baseball player is swinging his bat at a ball
A brown and white dog sits on grass as a woman in front of him holds a red Frisbee.
A man with one foot on a skateboard.
A bicycle fastened to a metal railing in front of a gray stone building.
a man at a bus stop is waiting to get on to the bus
A woman in a hat standing around outside.
A women sitting on a bench reading a book .
A man reading a newspaper while sitting on a park bench with his dog.
A dog with a frisbee in its mouth in a field with other dogs.
A man and a woman sit on a bench with tennis rackets.
A green commuter train pulling in to a station.
a blond woman is sitting on a boat
a boy wearing a black shirt is playing tennis
Two women playing tennis with one returning a ball on her racket.
A man in a tan rob standing with an umbrella.
a man is doing a trick on a skateboard in a ramp
a large field with kites flying over some vehicles

A group of people mill about an area that has lots of standing clocks.
A woman on a stone bench with some cats.
A man sitting on a bench overlooking the mountains.
A man is kicking a soccer ball on a field.
A man enjoying a ride on a bike
A cute small bench sitting empty on the pier.
A boy sitting on a blue boat next to other small boats.
A man is walking a dog on the sidewalk.
A woman sitting at a table in front of a pizza.
A young woman on a cellphone smiling and walking.
A group of people on elephants, riding in seats that are fastened to the elephants backs and crossing a river that has people on a raft travelling down it.
a subway in a station underneath a closed roof
A wooden park bench under a tree with long spiky leaves.
A baseball player taking a swing at a ball
A woman standing on top of a tennis court.
A large long train on a steel track.
A group of boys in a room playing with frisbees.
two men riding on a motorcycle in a parade
There is a picnic table near the water.
A large, over-sized stuffed teddy bear wearing t-shirt and sitting on a bench.
Men sitting on bench in train station on platform.
Two people sit far apart near a huge wall.
Two boys and a man sit at a restaurant table
A bus pulls up to an empty stop.
a close up of a bird on one foot near a wall
A young woman reads and listens to music on this park bench
A railroad train pulling into to a station with a platform.
A man sitting on a bench is working while two girls look out a window behind them.
a lady sitting on a bench outside of a window
Some cows are painted with pink and purple dots.
The couple is sitting on the bench in the park. 
A bench sits near brick stairways and white walls.
an elderly man watches as another man fixes something on a train while others stand outside a depot
A quiet street corner has a building and a road sign.
Metro bus driving past the Green Lake Branch of Seattle, WA library.
a man and a little boy dressed alike watching a skateboarder
A photo of a clock in a train station.
A person in action on the tennis court.
a person siting on a bench talking on a cell phone 
A young person is wearing a yellow tie that he made from construction paper and colored it with crayons.
A bench sits on a pathway with leaves.
A little girl pointing at a hotdog in the middle of a park.
A made bed in a fancy hotel room 
an image of a bear cub by a bench outside
A barefoot woman sits on a bench using her cell phone on a sunny day.
Several people have parked their cars here to enjoy the par.
A road sign that says "End" and a couple trees in the background.
Skateboarder writing his board in front of two women. 
The professional baseball players are playing before a huge audience. 
The dogs is gnawing on a unfamiliar object in rocks.
A couple of dogs looking inquisitively while tied to a bench.
On a cold day ducks and seagulls huddle around a bench.
There are two empty benches facing the water.
A courtyard, full of poles, pigeons, and garbage cans, also has benches on either side of it, one of which shows the back of a large person facing in the direction of the pigeons. 
Man taking picture while crouching on ground by two parked bicycles. 
A time lapse image of a skate boarder on a ramp.
A living room filled with furniture and a sliding glass door.
A tabby cat standing next to an open umbrella on the floor.
Three men on motorcycles sit in front of a western style building. 
A bench with a camera on it next to brick walkway.
A young boy sitting on a bench with a sandwich. 
A man walking across a field with a banana in a back pack.
Two athletic men are sitting on a bench.
A grey city bus at a stop light.
A wooden bench sitting in a forest covered in green grass.
A boy is trying to pull a stubborn cow down the dirt road.
The boy is poised and ready to hit the ball.
THERE IS A BENCH THAT IS IN THE PARK NEAR THE PAVEMENT
A woman in a sunhat sitting on a wooden bench on a beach. 
A girl posing for a picture on a ski mountain.
A man sitting on a park bench near a tree and a fence.
Some benches are out on a Wooden patio
A black and white photo of a little girl and her teddy.
A young man overlooking a view of a forest against a wooden post.
Two people with umbrellas walking thru a park on a rainy day.
A person with their head down on a park bench
A person sitting on a concrete bench with a mask on.
A group of shirtless men standing in front of  a gray elephant.
A view of several benches where people are seated near bushes and trees.
a train that is parked on a train track
A man on a bench looking at a laptop.
A man wearing a grey suite reads a newspaper on a park bench.
A lone bench next to a trail high up on a hill side.
A baseball player that is standing in the dirt.
Weeds growing on an old dirty park bench.
A man next to a window with the word dish on it while wearing headphones.
a white and orange bus and some people
A woman relaxing feet up on a bench
A skateboarder is attempting to do a trick. 
The man is sitting down resting after his tennis match.
Two old men sitting on a bench outside with their canes. 
A person throwing a Frisbee over a fountain.
The elderly woman is holding plastic utensils near a plate of food. 
A girl sitting on a bench holding a flower.
Men with tennis rackets on a court, playing tennis.
A red frisbee stuck in a tree at a park.
A woman on the beach is jumping in the air under a kite.
A bird sitting on several boards nailed together.
A man and woman's bike parked in a bike rack.
A peacock perched on a bench looking at another peacock
A woman holding a child while flying a kite
Two people siting on a narrow bench talking
A concrete bench and trash bin are coated in ice.
A white bench is around a bunch of trees.
A female tennis player caught in mid swing.
Two people sitting on a park bench near a pond
A couple of people sitting on to of a bench on a pier.
A fire hydrant painted to look like a person.
a tennis player on a court with a racket 
Three stuffed bears sitting outside on a tiny bench.
A women sitting on a bench while talking on the phone.
Two people are playing frisbees and one guy picks up another one in hopes of catching the overthrown frisbees
A living area with various tables, a sofa and a fireplace.
Dust flies all around as a baseball player slides into home plate.
 A brick oven with various pots and pans next to a wooden bench.
Two cars and a fire truck near water spewing up.
A guy on a skate board up in the air.
A person playing soccer is trying to block the ball.
A guy with a helmet and dark glasses on a bike.
A green bench on the side of a pine needle covered road through the forest.
A person is standing next to a table with cheese and olives.
A player swings a baseball bat on the baseball field.
A black and white cat sitting on a park bench.
three little boys are sitting on the grass
A group of female tennis players is posing on a tennis court.
A woman in a field getting ready to fly a kite.
A man in the park with a frisbee and other people.
The lady is holding onto a dog that is sitting on a bench. 
Two elephants stand on stools on their back legs.
A wet wooden bench in a park by some trees.
A boy wincing back with a baseball bat in his hands.
Two horses eating in a pasture with mountains in the background.
a black dog is standing near some patio furniture
The older couple with their walkers are sitting together on the bench. 
Some children run after an unseen object in a fenced-in field.
a parking lot and a large brick building 
A baseball batter striking a ball at a baseball game.
A neatly groomed man in a black shirt and grey shorts pulls poses in a baseball stance with a golf club.
An old bench on a porch of someone's house in the valleys.
A person sitting on the boardwalk looking at the sky. 
A bench with the metal painted green, in a park in front of a hedge.
A double decker bus stops to pick up passengers
a bench near a path near a body of water 
A man and boy in dirt field playing with a white frisbee.
Someone laying on a bench outside near a street.
A boy flies a kite on a beach near colorful tents.
a small girl is standing by the sand
Black box or case on a bench in a public area.
A sign that reads dog run is displayed in front of a park.
A guy on the street with a skateboard.
the boy is skateboarding next to a grind rail
The black and white photo shows a cement bench near the water's edge.
A woman in a park about to toss a Frisbee.
a book called our crowd sitting on a white bench
A woman is showing off her skateboarding skills in the skate park.
A baseball player is getting warmed up before his turn.
A small boy is sitting on a cement bench.
a baseball player stepping off the base during a game
A cat sitting in a shadow with sun on it's back.
People standing on a boarding dock at a train station.
Two dogs laying down on a wooded porch area.
A man with a carriage steering two horses on cobblestone. 
A dark rainy evening with people walking outside.
A train traveling on a train track pulling into a station.
A teenage girl throws a flying disc in a park with flowering trees.
inside a subway with a view of the door windows and seats
A restroom with a toilet hanging from the wall.
A man is sitting on a wood bench in front of a mirror.
Person standing on one leg throwing a flying disc to a friend.
People sit on benches that have water on the ground.
A black and white image of a man on a bench looking towards another man.
Three giraffes are standing around a dirty and hay filled area.
A baseball player on a baseball field with a bat. 
A charming bathroom in an old fashioned house.
Orange juice splashing in a glass next to oranges
A man with a tennis racket in his has looking down at a tennis court.
Batter taking swing at missed ball during game.
A woman sits on the brick column using her cell phone.
Two people near trees and mud puddles playing ball.
A man in a colorful suit jacket smiling.
A kitchen that has a refrigerator and cabinets in it.
A grey cat sleeping on a red bench outside a post office. 
A businessman sits with his head down on a step.
An image of a baseball player getting ready to take a swing at the ball.
a white bench is surrounded in multi colored flowers
Black and white photo of woman on chair holding strap of leopard or cheetah skinned hand bag on ground.  
black bench on the water front in a city
An empty bench along side a trail of trees in a park with a house in the background. 
A collared dog sitting on a wooden bench.
The man sleeps on a bench with people standing behind him.
A faded sign shows a zone ends and another points to the bus lane
A rustic wooden bench at a scenic overlook in the mountains.
An old photograph of two girls sitting and one standing behind them.
An empty banana peel sitting on a wooden bench.
A teddy bear wrapped in a bow sitting on a bench.
two trains on a train track with buildings in the background
A sitting area set up in the shade of thick brush.
Man in white hat sitting down on a park bench reading. 
Two gentlemen interacting in outdoor area with shops nearby.
The baby boy is sitting on a wooden bench.
A batter, catcher, and umpire all play their roles during a pitch.
A boy is about to throw a baseball.
A couple of horses standing next to each other.
A young boy sitting at a table doing work on a laptop.
a close up of a tennis player holding a racket and ball
a train on a track near many rocks
A man and a little girl with a frisbee in the grass.
a cat in a plate on a table 
A tennis player holds his racquet with both hands, ready to swing.
A group of people sitting at a table.
a room full of tables and some people
Two ducks and their baby ducklings are swimming toward a bench.
a girl with blond hair is eating some pepperoni pizza
a wooden bench is set out on the sand on a beach
A port with yachts and sailboats docked at piers.
An older style phone next to a bench and trash can.
A smiling girl dressed in bright colors looks down at the camera as she flies a kite.
a dog standing in front of a green bench
A woman holding food in a napkin and posing for a bite.
A home with many pots of plants and flowers out front 
Two women in maroon shirts standing in a park holding a frisbee. 
Several youth with tennis rackets on a outdoor tennis court.
An empty bench sits in the center of the tropical park.
A at sitting on top of a table next to a doll.
Some girls practice with their surf boards on the beach. 
A man grills food while people stand around and watch.
A man sits on a bench looking at a book in the subway.
Two benches are visible in the flood waters.
A man prepares to throw a ball on a basketball court. 
The gentleman sits on the gray bench in front of the red door.
a straw hat sitting on a bench in a grass field
A couple of women in sun hats resting on a bench.
Shaded wooden benches line a white sand beach.
an elephant getting a drink of water at the zoo
School room with metal tables and chairs in rows.
The master of ceremonies thrusts a microphone in the face of the specialty cake decorator.
A small yellow bus is driving up the street
A park bench surrounded by a garden of flowers.
A red double-decker bus at an enclosed downtown bus stop.
A man sitting on the bench in a baseball dugout. 
A couple of small boats parked next to a red car.
The action in a professional baseball game played on grass.
A large group of people are sitting at tables outside, and some are standing.
an image of a couple sitting outside with turkeys
an old photo of four tables next to each other
People sitting on benches in a park with a man wearing a medical mask.
A train in a city passing by two back to back blue benches in the snow.
The businessman seated on a motorcycle is surrounded by cars and buses.
park benches lined up along the pathway in front of trees
A wooden bench is in the middle of a park setting.
A boy in a baseball uniform, on a playing field, is swinging his bat in front of the stands.
A bench with a city skyline in the back ground.
There is a sign on a post that says Main Street USA
Pedestrians rest at the base of a  large, public ornamental clock.
an image of a split screen going down the ramp
A woman is on a tennis court practicing
A catcher fixing his helmet in a baseball game.
Batter gets ready to swing the heavey bat
The batter has just swung at the ball in the beautifully green baseball field.
Two peacocks standing on the arms of two wooden chairs.
A tennis player is out on the court
A person sitting on a bench next to a snow covered road.
People are watching a baseball game in progress.
A man on rd motorcycle next to graffiti of birds.
A guy on a skate board up in the air.
a girl that is playing some tennis on a court
The people are milling around an exhibit of animals. 
A woman posing for a picture with a strange elephant behind her.
A group of elephants carry people and umbrellas
A woman is sitting on a bench in the park. 
a man with a black bag on his lap sitting on a bench under an umbrella
A wooden bench is dedicated to the memory of Lloyd 'n' Milly.
a little boy by the beach flying a kite
A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.
A city street clogged with buses stopping at a bus depot.
A woman sitting on a park bench looking up at the sky.
Older man sitting on a bench next to his packed bicycle.
An out door patio with various wood furniture
A man performs a trick on skis in the snow.
The railroad goes through town and passes a red building.
A white car driving down the road next to buildings.
A group of red picnic tables with closed umbrellas on a pier.
A young boy taking a swing at a baseball
A hunk of dead stuffed zebra corpse on display.
A cat is sitting in front of some steps
A black-and-white photo of a large train station with two trains.
a red fire truck driving down a road. 
It's annoying when people leave trash lying around.
this is a man sitting on a bench on a road
Many bicycles are parked close together outside of a shop.
A woman leaning against a statue on a bench in front of an old building.
A couple of kids sitting on top of a wooden bench.
Two motorcycles parked next to a rest area with picnic table.
A man sitting on a bench under a tree.
A baseball player with a bat in his hand during a game.
A woman walking down the street with a red umbrella
A skier in mid air on a ski slope. 
A cake is shown on top of a picnic table.
A dog wearing a hat and posing for a picture.
Two men playing doubles tennis on a grass court.
A man in business attire sitting on a park bench and looking at his phone.
two people shaking hands across a tennis net on a tennis court.
a college campus, with a big clock in middle, with lots of trees
Two men are standing next to two older men riding an elephant.
A man in sandals is talking on a cell phone.
A person sits on a bench in front of Bubba Gump Shrimp co.
A woman waiting for customers to come to her food coach.
Multi level deck with benches in the grass above the ocean.
A professional baseball player watches for his signs.
A brown paper bag on a wooden bench.
A guy jumping in the air to catch a frisbee. 
a large blue and white bus parked picking up passengers 
a bench on a hill overlooking a body of water
A group of people rides on a train ride
The bench is full of various bags of chips.
The inside of a church that has red carpeting.
A park bench by a body of water.
A snowy park area with benches next to a building.
A woman at a table holding a cup of coffee and reading a book.
City street with parked cars and a bench.
There is a green mascot on the dugout behind the man at bat.
An unoccupied park bench in the woods with a memorial plaque.
A gray and white cat is sitting in front of an open window with multi-colored tulips in the background.
A little giraffe and big giraffe standing next to each other at the zoo.
A man near the net playing tennis with official looking on.
Skier in grey and green outfit in midair in the snow. 
Three people sitting on a wooden bench on a dock in a marina.
Wooden buildings are in the distance and a row of balloons reaches into the sky.
A bus driving past a billboard across the street from a bank.
a park bench that is by a lot of flowers
A large clock on the corner of the sidewalk near a tree. 
A beach with many buildings and boats on it
A young boy hold a tennis racket and is poised to play.
a man that is standing on one food with a racket
An elephant carrying what appears to be a small sled on its back.
White chairs on a beach with pink umbrellas
A young woman sits alone on a park bench.
A elderly lady watching a bird under a tree. 
A group of young people playing a game of soccer.
A man in a black jacket eating a slice of pizza.
Two cats sit on a bench in opposite directions from each other.
An elephant carrying a rider in a basket and the handler on its side.
A group of people under a tent getting some food.
An elephant in an arena with two men at task.
a memorial bench overlooking a body of water
there are two men sitting on chairs one of them is on the phone
Five smiling old guys are sitting the wrong way on a park bench.
Many construction obstacles sit in a pile. 
Signs on a post give direction to Sandridge JMI School and HOSCB. 
This is a red light on a post with hedges and trees in the background.
A teenager grinding down a rail in a plaza.
A park path and bench overlooking a city landscape.
A little girl driving a toy train with a female passenger.
Two young men sitting on a worn wooden park bench.
A hot dog that has a lot of various toppings.
Several tables and chairs sitting on the beach near the water.
Aerial view of bench and trash, with green below
A silver train is sitting by a train platform.
The baseball player  is getting ready for the pitch.
Two large white dogs occupy half of a bench.
A woman in a white dress and five men it suits posing on a bench for a picture.
An elephant is walking under nets in trees.
A red and white train in front of a building.
A wooden park bench in the middle of a park.
A man swinging a bat at home plate on a baseball field.
THERE IS A BOTTLE ON THE BENCH WITH A LABEL 
People are sitting on a bench in a park.
A baseball player is getting ready to throw a baseball. 
A puppy is resting his chin on a man's shoes.
A woman sitting on a park bench next to a reflecting pool.
a stuffed animal sitting on a park bench 
A man in a restaurant jumping over a bench with his skateboard. 
A dog on one side of a fence with herd of cows on the other side with a cow leaning over the fence trying to reach the dog.
some baseball players are playing a batter and catcher
a black and white photo of a person sitting on a bench
a guy getting ready to hit a tennis ball
two people sitting on a bench and looking at their phones 
A couple is kissing on a ski lift.
A wooden bench made out of a plank of wood and some legs containing photos.
a cute little kid sitting on the back of a park bench
A pond is shown with plants growing in it.
Black and white photo of tables and chairs with plants on two sides.
A park bench sitting under a tree and in front of a brightly colored bush.
A man is playing frisbee at the park. 
Benches loaded full with black and blue luggage
A baseball player in an orange jersey is swinging at the ball.  
an outdoor table covered with a laptop, a drink and some plates of food 
Couple on a bench overlooking a placid park pond.
A woman sits on a bench in the wooded area.
A table set with three place settings and flowers
A clock that is sitting on a black pole.
A snowboarder skis down a hill with a ski lift behind her.
A side walk and street outside a shop with a glass window.
A wooden chair at the beach near the ocean waters
Two men sit together playing a video game. 
a person with a snow board siting on a park bench
Black and white photograph of a man with umbrella in snow.
A man riding a skateboard on top of a white bench.
A guy in a brown shirt has just hit a tennis ball. 
A man in full riding gear on a motorcycle.
A woman playing tennis is yelling and people are clapping.
A backpack that is by a table on the grass.
One bench with sign above, no dogs allowed.
a batter swinging at the ball while the catcher is ready
A yellow motorcycle parked on the curb of a street. 
A woman on her cell phone on a park bench near some luggage.
A couple of benches sitting along a path next to a green field.
The shopping plaza has many stores and one parked car.
A picture of four people in a park of all different ages.
A beach volleyball player reaches up to serve the ball.
Two people walking along a water front in low light conditions.
A train travelling into a station near a platform.
Woman standing next to her bicycle near a children's park.
Three zebras standing in the grass near a fence.
Someone did laundry and hung their wet ones around the bed to dry.
A bench on the grass in a park next to a walkway.
A man is flying a kite on a sunny day.
A woman sitting on a bench looking at a magazine.
A young man riding a skate board on a park bench.
People near a ski lift on their skis. 
A lady sitting on a bench with her laptop on her lap and a bag.
Group of people walking beside a bue and white train. 
A log that acts as a couple of seats.
a large cake on a table along with other foods
Boy riding his skateboard in a skateboard park.
Two opposing tennis players shake hands after a match
This is an image of several flower pots in front of a house.
There is a cat that is sitting under a bench
A man in a black and white baseball uniform stands with a bat as a ball hovers near him and a catcher holds out his mitt behind him.
A large kite flies over sunbathers at the beach.
The bus traveling underneath a bridge is making a turn.
A man about to throw a baseball to a boy who is ready to swing with a bat.
a baseball player gets ready to throw a pitch 
a cat and a man that is on a picnic
a stone bench in the middle of grass
A pale pink and red transit train is sitting at the platform.
Two people sitting on a bend next to a small pond.
A man standing and talking on a phone in a courtyard.
a truck parked in the street next to the woods
Black and white photograph of a fire hydrant and park bench.
People floating on their backs in the swimming pool. 
Several stacks of suit cases sitting at a train station.
a train on a train track  at a train station
A black dog catching a frisbee in his mouth outdoors.
A white dog wearing a hat and shades.
A woman jumps in the air with a tennis racket.
A man in green shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
Men playing disk golf on a sunny day
a worn wooden bench beneath some shade trees
A Pacific National train is stopped at the station
a dog chillin on a bench like a g
A green and red fire hydrant with a large white house in background.
A group of people walking around a public space.
Awoman is holding a snow board as she prepares to use it.
A man laughs while sitting on a bench.
A man eating at a picnic table near a boat dock.
A wooden bench sitting in the grass near a trail. 
A double-decker bus is stopped at a bus stop in a downtown area.
A crown of people are departing a metro train.
a man with glasses is smiling while sitting on a bench over looking the water
A bus arrives at a stop in the middle of night.
a dog sleeps on a stone-paved street and fence next to a white bench
Woman on a tennis court and all spectators looking toward the opposite court.
Two people eating on a bench with a dog looking at the food.
a baseball player swinging a bat on a field
a safety tube hanging on a pole overlooking a river 
A  black motorcycle is outside of a house
A dog laying down on the ground, surrounded by a fence.
A woman and young girl sitting on a bench
a couple of people sit on a wooden bench 
A person that is sitting down on a bench.
An empty wooden bench leaning on a brick pile.
Oriental people looking at their cell phones while riding the subway.
a base ball player getting ready to bunt a ball
A bed covered in white linen in a bedroom with a dresser.
a boat is pulling up behind a house
Bicycles are parked outside a small charming restaurant.
People walking on a sidewalk next to a lake. 
A person covers themselves while sleeping on a park bench.
A black cat sitting in a large flower pot under a tree.
A dog sits on a bench and looks near a rock.
A wooden bench and patio in front of a garden.
This is a picture of a man laying down on the bench.
A man holding a black umbrella walks near a man who has two dogs on leashes down a park path.
A baseball player holding a bat on a baseball field.
Group of people riding on bicycles in front of orange flowers. 
Young child playing baseball in a local park league
A person wearing a green jacket with the hood on walks hand in hand with a little boy near a boat dock.
A park bench on sidewalk next to grassy area.
Group of women dressed in black clothing walking down a road.
A bench sitting outside a building with a lot of windows
An elephant standing next to a tree in a forest.
Many people stand in front of a large modern building.
A man with a cream suit sitting on a bench
A man and a woman are sitting at a booth with their computers.
A woman on the tennis court holding a tennis racket. 
Three park benches next to a waterway under a tree.
A street scene with a restaurant in the background.
Woman standing behind large purple umbrella next to a man in Nike Gear.
A couple get closer together on a park bench.
a lady that is sitting on a park bench
A bright red train pulls into a railway station.
A person riding in their car looking out the window
Three women in different colored uniforms by tennis court.
A woman laying on top of a wooden bench.
People walking in an area next to trucks and a building.
A cargo train passes by an industrial area. 
A baseball player at bat swinging at a pitch in front of the catcher and umpire during a professional baseball game.
A group of people standing in line to get on a red bus in the city.
Two little kids standing together in ski suits.
A road that has a fence on one side and a park bench on the other with a person seated on the bench next to a bicycle.
Two benches sitting next to each other on a beach.
A plaza with a bus parked next to it.
A dog that is sitting underneath a bench.
a living room with a couch a table and a tv
A group of benches sitting in the middle of trees.
A small boat is out on the river
A baseball player holds a position in the infield.
A young person flying a colorful kite over a green park.
There are picnic tables next to the beach.
Three people in jackets walking on pier with umbrellas.
People and carts loaded with suitcases on a train platform.
the woman is riding past a building that has a white door
Four people on a bench and three have open umbrellas
A couple of boys playing each other in soccer.
A REFLECTION OF A HOUSE IN THE WATER.
a bench with  some boards missing some grass and bushes
A black cow stands near a wooden bench
A bus coming down a small street 
A cat is stretched out and sleeping on a bench.
Two ladies' basketball teams jockey for position and wait for a shot to fall.
Two seagulls perch on benches at a park. 
A gray wooden bench stands at between a sidewalk.and dead grass.
A man on public transportation sitting on a pile of luggage.
A well-carved green bush outside during the day.
Behind a large urn of annual flowers sits a couple on a bench beneath an umbrella they are holding; a bike is propped up beside the bench. 
The small boys are playing a game of baseball.
The empty bench sits at the end of the platform.
An  wooden bench under a tree in a park.
A fire hydrant next to a walkway in a park.
Emergency vehicles are driving on the rain-soaked road.
Two people biking down the sidewalk with water behind them
m mmm mmmm mm m m m m m mmm  mm m 
A black dog is tied to a chair arm and looks at the camera.
The elephant is in the field eating next to a person. 
A man playing tennis on a tennis court.
Young men on a subway car wearing white gloves and bow ties.
the man in the wheelchair watched the man on a small bike
Lonely park bench underneath tree on dirt path
A girl is sitting on a bench with her hands on her chin.
A family is standing outside a large duck model on a field. 
A woman sitting on a bench holding an accordion.
Two people and a dog sitting at a table having drinks.
a dining space with a table and some benches
Motorcycles and people on a wet city street.
a person riding a skate board at a skate park
a woman is sitting on a bench by the ocean
A young skateboarder attempts a rick on a concrete block.
A smiling priest about to cut a cake
A park bench is sitting on the side of the river.
A passsanger bus moving slowly down a quiet street.
The pigeons are walking around in the park around the benches.
A young woman about to enjoy a dessert.
People sitting on a bench alongside a road.
A baseball player is getting ready to hit a ball.
a black and white photo of a woman and two girls on a bench
A train on the railway with a man looks outside
A woman  standing next to a large body of water.
a train on a track near a platform
The brightly colored truck is parked near the tables.
A couple of people sitting on a bench.
A house that has tables and counters with only one leg.
A YOUNG MAN IS DOING A STUNT ON HIS SKATEBOARD
The little boys feet are high above the pavement.
A man laying on top of a bench on a dirt field.
A small, decorated crib sits in the corner of a room
A baseball player hitting a ball during a baseball game.
People walking and riding bicycles along a paved path through a park.
This is a wooden bench made of logs.
A table and a couple benches, near a kiosk on the street.
A yellow cat is sitting on a park bench.
Two baseball players in the process of running the bases
A group of men standing on top of a baseball field.
an image of people standing outside and ice cream store
A father and son walking along the boardwalk
Three girls sitting on a bench drinking beverages.
A black bear stands in the grass of a yard next to a trash can.
A wooden park bench overlooking a grassy cemetery
a lady sitting at the end of a park bench
A picture of five african american's sitting on a bench and chair.
a double exposed picture of a bench overlooking water
A pond in a garden has plants, and sculptures.
A couple that are sitting on a bench by the water.
A little boy stands bear a goalie net holding a white frisbee. 
A pigeon on a brick street under a park bench.
A man is holding a giant pair of scissors.
The cow with long horns is standing on the sidewalk near a building.
A pile of blankets that are on a bench.
A woman talks on her cellphone while riding a city bus.
A bus covered in graffiti driving past a tall building.
A tennis game is being played before a crowd.
A fire hydrant in a pedestrian shopping mall in a city
A wooden bench with a carving in the woods
The flower is starting to grow and bloom in front of the bench.
The small bus is driving on the street.
Male skiing with a ski stroller attached to his waist 
A train on a track pulling into a station.
The woman grimaces in front of another girl who looks surprised.
a woman is sitting on a bench and a man is standing both smoking cigarettes 
A skateboarder is doing tricks in a parking lot.
A woman sitting on a bus while talking on a phone.
A baseball player swinging at a ball on the field
A woman that is laying down on a bench with a cellphone.
A four sided clock sits on top of the pole
Two men sitting on a bench together next to a bag.
A woman near a lake holding a frisbee with her thumbs. 
A group of people are sitting on the bench in front of a building.
a woman seated on a bench smiling and staring
A clock tower sits in front of a building in the mountains.
A young woman sitting on a bench using her cell phone
A person playing tennis on an outdoor court with trees.
a crowd of people standing around and sitting watching surfboard
Two children posing with a horse and rider statue.
A man covering his head holding a lap top.
Two tour buses parked on a bus only street.
A teddy bear ad a pillow sitting side by side.
A woman is sitting on bleachers with a blue ball.
A dog is sticking out its tongue on a patio.
A picture of two people sitting on a bench.
A bench in the middle of the woods missing the seat
Women sitting on a bench at a carnival.
a man sitting on a bench wearing a indian hat 
The bench in the park is surrounded by long grass.
A cat sitting next to a person on a bench. 
These ladies have forks and are opening packs of doughnuts
The tall sign prohibits parking on the street.
The people are standing by the water relaxing.
large older building in a tourist attraction area
A woman is holding a snowboard at a ski resort.
a couple wooden benches in front of a lake
A empty bench is on a sidewalk by a street.
a pitcher in the middle of his windup preparing to throw to a hitter.
Four photographs of a woman in snow gear with a snowboard.
Baseball players play on a field in front of a large crowd. 
A group of people at a picnic table on a deck.
A blue park bench painted blue sits on a blue sidewalk.
A man is jumping up catching  a frisbee.
There is a bench under some trees in a park
A wooden bench with a small dog on it
A boy leans back as a frisbee comes towards his face.
Several wooden park benches in a row in a park.
A man jumping off a skateboard while his friends watch.
A passenger bus that has parked in a lot.
A bench sits in a shady area near a fountain. 
A tall structure on display with a clock on it. 
A wooden bench under the shade of a big tree in a wooded area.
A girl that is wearing fishnet stockings and laying on a park bench.
A VEGETABLE STAND ON THE ROAD SIDE 
Train tracks run beside an empty platform with a bench.
A woman sits on a bench on a city street.
A tennis player is running on the court with the racket in hand. 
The bench is on a snow covered beach of an ocean.
A coffee cup sits on the retracted bleachers.
Two people walk by a large pole with a clock on it.
A white bench sits on a rock tile surface in front of a hedge.
A striped cat from chest up on its back with a paw raised and squinted eyes, lying on a wooden slatted surface.
A black and white photograph of people at benches, with the closest man in color
An old and a new train sitting parallel on two tracks.
A woman in glasses is sitting on a butterfly bench.
The young woman is sitting on the bench near the roadside rest area, admiring a purchased figurine.
A woman waits next to a bus stop at night.
a sidewalk seperated from the road with some concrete balls 
a black and white photo of men in white shirts and a dog
A bench sitting on top of a stone walkway.
a close up of a person sitting on a bench outdoors
A person walking their dog near a building.
A person skating on the ramp with a skateboard. 
Two dogs sitting in the back seat of a small car.
3 giraffes and 3 zebras in an exhibit
People walking down a sidewalk along side a wrought-iron fence next to a park
An old woman checking her phone on a park bench
A young child swings a baseball bat at a baseball.
A double-decker transit bus in the United Kingdom.
A man playing with a ball on a basketball court.
A view of a men's double tennis match
An open view of a laptop is seen.
A court house with a clock tower sits on pavement
The bench near the umbrella is covered with red cloth.
Three people sitting, backs toward the camera, on a bench.
A woman in black shirt at table with fires and a burger.
An old restaurant in Lucerne that apparently has wonderful wiener schnitzel 
A skateboarder performs a trick while another person photographs the stunt.
A clock tower in the middle of a town. 
A tiny boy prepares to swing at a baseball pitch.
On the side of the bus is a advertisement for Harry Potter.  
A kitten is sleeping underneath a metallic bench.
The back door of a house at night.
A group of young men and women sitting at a table.
An illuminated circle of benches stands in a city square. 
Two men having a conversation in front of a pink bulding.
A room with several tables of various heights.
The bus is siting  in the middle of road
A man passes a frisbee to a woman. 
A bride and groom sit on a bench under a tree.
A palm tree in a parking lot next to the beach.
a red bus parked behind a green bus on the road
A metal and wooden bench under a tree.
three gray and white birds on an outdoor perch
A smiling elderly gentleman sits on the bench looking ahead.
A horizontal close up view of a park bench.
a person in a field throwing a frisbee
A traffic light is on green while a SUV travels down the road. 
a park bench sits next to a tree 
A black cat sits on a bench beside a wooden letter K.
A small child is laying on a bench with a small open snack bag on its chest.
The woman is playing a game of tennis on the court. 
A singles match taking place on a clay tennis court.
A person in a red sweatshirt is at the park on a laptop.
A lady sitting on a park bench reading a book.
Couple plays with a Frisbee in the park
A picture of someone's campsite with a tent, chair, and picnic table.
A woman offers a tray of sausage to eat.
a white horse pulling a carriage full of people 
A young girl is playing softball on a field.
A man is sitting on a bench looking out at the water.
A bus not in service parked at a bus stop.
The tennis player is ready to offer a strong serve.
A table of people are sitting and having beer at an outside restaurant enclosure.
Three men on a tennis court photographed through a metal gate
The woman is waiting for her lover on the boat.
A person riding on the back of a horse jumping over an obstacle.
Looking down on a park bench situated by some shrubs on a carpet of green grass.
A herd of sheep are in a grassy area.
a white church with a black clock on its steeple
A tan dog is tied to a bench on the sidewalk of a small town street.
A young black man sitting on a skateboard on a basketball court.
a man sitting on a bench reading a book
A nice tranquil area for relaxing with benches for seating
people playing baseball and others watching the game
A St Bernard with a leash and tongue drooping sitting by a park bench with a person.
A motorcycle parked in front of a car in the road.
two female tennis players are playing tennis on a court
A bench in a park framed by two large trees
a man on a bench with a view of the city
The pizzas are freshly cooked and sliced and ready to be served.
an ocean and many trees at the ocean
A woman sits on a city bench reading and smoking a cigarette
An elephant with a saddle waiting behind several parked bicycles.
A man that is swinging a baseball bat.
A young girl with a dog standing in her lap.
A man is running and throwing a frisbee.
A person with red shoes is on a metal bench.
A couple of people next to a large train.
A young child is laying on a bench under a red umbrella. 
A man in black sitting on a bench looking at a map.
A horse pulling a cart with a load of dirt.
A person is sitting on a bench under a tree.
A woman putting a young boys shoes on sitting on a bench.
Two people sit near many luggage bags using laptops. 
A gathering of people sit outside by the big clock.
A stone wall with ivy growing across it and a clock tower above it with a weathervane on top of the clock tower.
A picture of a young boys playing baseball.
A sign saying "REPTILE SALE - Cow Palace" is displayed.
A group  vintage photo of a tennis team.
Someone walking their dog in the middle of the street
A man in a blue shirt holding a white frisbee in his hands. 
A baseball player swinging a bat during the game.
A man and woman that are next to a bus stop.
A woman standing up with a open laptop.
An empty park bench next to a tree lined path.
a person riding a skate board on a brick path
A man sitting with his backpack and skateboard outside. 
A train traveling through a grass covered park.
A young bare-footed girl wearing jeans and a white t-shirt, sitting on a bench.
A man is holding a surfboard on a sidewalk.
Scissors lying on a table with other pieces of paper 
Two police officers riding service horses down a cobblestone street.
A wooden chair sits next to a bench outside a rustic building. 
A bench in need of repair on the sidewalk.
a tennis player with a racket on a court 
A batter and catcher wait for the baseball during a game.
A cat sleeping at the end of a bench.
A man that is sitting on a bench on a tennis court.
A young boy in a baseball uniform and a young girl are standing in front of a chain link fence.
Table with red umbrella in sitting area in park setting.
a man on a bike moving besides waters and a long bird standing on it
Black and white image of a man smoking a cigarette while talking on a phone.
A dog sitting at a wooden table looking adorable.
a bunch of people on some picnic tables that are outside
A bench near water in a wooded area.
Two photos , a  woman on a chair and two men
A older man sitting on a wooden bench reading a book.
A notebook lying on a bench saying A Smelly Story on it.
One side a bench held up by a post full of ads.
A black and white image of three ladies sitting on a bench. 
A man that is sitting down with a spoon in his mouth.
A man in a green jacket talking on a cell phone. 
A lady squatting down on a lawn taking a picture of a park bench.
Two people sitting on a bench looking at a schooner. 
Two people kissing on a bench near the water.
Baseball player swinging a bat during a game
Several people watching a snowboarder grind on a rail at night.
A double decker bus in front of an arched bridge.
a curved bench sitting beneath a wall with writing on it 
Man with no shirt on and blue shorts sitting on a park bench. 
A boat floating on water next to another boat.
Baseball team huddling on the mound talking together
A small child at a table eating some food.
A woman reading a book on a park bench. 
A newly wed bride walking near her groom.
A street clock stands in front of a building.
A little girl with a tennis racquet and another kid behind her holding another racquet up over her head.
A bunch of traffic on a very busy street.
A woman reaching out for an orange frisbee.
A tennis player taking a drink from a water bottle.
A display of bicycles and motorcycles with dummy dolls sitting on them.
turquoise and yellow train on a track 
A man that is standing with a baseball bat.
A gray colored cat laying on a wooden platform and looking to the side.
Empty wooden benches on a wooden platform.in a public space
A man reading a book on a bench with a white dog watching him. 
A concrete bench in a garden type setting.
A woman is typing on her laptop on a bench.
a trail with a wooden bridge in the middle of it 
A few cows run across the county side 
A train is heading down the railroad tracks. 
Four park benches situated on an asphalt walkway leading to several cottages.
Woman in glasses eating a donut on the bench
A woman is talking on a cell phone outside. 
A group of people on skateboards in a city.
A person with two bags waiting for something at a train station.
The man is about to fly his kite.
Several people are riding a brown elephant at a circus.
A close-up of two stacked rocks on of green bench.
so many people walking after rain in a station
Children are playing soccer in a grassy field.
A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball
A bench that is in front of a brick wall.
A couple poses for a picture while another man takes it for them.
Many people are near and on the benches close to water.
A picture of a slice of pizza and a drink on a table.
a number of people riding skis on a snowy slope 
A guy is standing outside throwing a Frisbee.
Black and white photo of a baseball team.
A bench covered with leaves near a fence.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard between two platforms in a skate park.
A dog sitting in a bag that is on wheels.
A man is reading a newspaper on a park bench surrounded by pigeons.
A busy downtown area with many people sitting and moving around
The pick up truck has pulled over to the service station. 
A black and white photo of people sitting on the bench. 
A man reaches for a basketball during a game at a crowded park.
Five goats standing around and on a wooden bench.
A man doing skateboard tricks on a concrete number.
Two large pieces of driftwood with a bench between them on a sandy beach next to the ocean.
A green park bench sitting on a grass covered field.
three picnic tables next to a large body water
A batter swinging at a baseball at a game. 
The woman are sitting by the water on the concrete barrier. 
A boy biting a piece of purple cake.
An empty bench near a light post near a walking path
A metal bench sitting in front of a window.
a guy doing a trick on his skateboard
A man sitting in a red chair with his shoes off.
A man gets ready to eat a pizza with a knife.
a man and woman wearing sunglasses and a child  
Wooden bench with cases of soda cans stacked behind it. 
Empty beach chair under an umbrella while different boats are out in the ocean
Two men with their skateboards in the park. 
Two people sitting at a red park bench looking out to water.
A dog is leaping up to catch a toy.
A series of photographs showing a man baking fresh bread.
A bird resting on grass near a park bench and flowers.
An elderly couple sitting on a bench at the beach.
A man sitting on a wooden bench with his laptop.
Two female tennis players with rackets on a tennis court
A batter tries to hit a pitch in a baseball game.
A bench sitting outside near a door and a field of flowers.
Several bicycles sit parked nest to each other.
Two Frisbee players are competing in front of the crowd. 
The person sitting on a bench is visible through many bare trees.
a boy wearing shorts and tennis shoes riding a skate board
A cat is walking on a wooden deck in the snow.
A person lying on a bench next to the ocean, with a bicycle parked next to it.
A bench with a potted plant at the top
an old lady seated on the bench staring
a bench some bushes trees and a dirt path
A baseball player who is swinging a bat at a game.
Two young girls are posing for a photograph as their parents look on.
An iron park bench overlooking a body of water.
A building with a bunch of signs on it and a bench outside. 
A man with three kids trying to fly a kite.
A man sitting alone on a blue bench.
A baseball player bunting his bat at a ball.
A yellow train is going past a station and several other train tracks.
A group of people flying kites on a hill on a cloudy day.
a group of people on bikes sit parked 
A boy runs with a kite as many people mill about nearby. 
A baseball pitcher prepares to pitch the baseball in a sports stadium.
Several wooden benches in a brick court yard area in a city.
Two women sitting on a bench outside looking distracted.
This is an aerial view of people gathered with umbrellas on a rainy street.
two people sit on a bench with a wreath
Three dogs and several people all relax on benches.
A blue bench sits on the walkway by some stairs.
Skateboarder showing off over a half pipe in a park
A yellow train coming into the train station.
A woman is wearing a pink helmet and riding her bike through the city.
Two women posing on a park bench with a parasol.
Dog sitting on a bench with a leash on his collar.
A black cat sitting on a bench in the park
A boy paying baseball with a small group watching
An elderly man sitting on a bench, feeding pigeons.
A very large colorful umbrella on its side near some furniture in the grass.
A lady with a dog is talking to a lady and man.
a family eats out and enjoys dinner outside
A man and woman enjoy a cup of coffee while walking their dog.
An empty intersection with a florists shop on one corner.
A guy sitting on a park bench in front of a building.
A small notebook sits on a wooden bench.
A man and a woman sleep on a bench outside with a bag on the ground in between them. 
A man sitting on a bench holding two tennis rackets. 
A bench filled with people sitting on it in front of a store.
A snowy restaurant patio full of snow-covered tables.
Boy performs a skateboard move on skateboarding equipment.
A couple sitting in a park by trees on a bench.
A woman sitting at a table in front of a pizza.
People resting on unique benches in a park.
A young batter has just completed a swing and propelled the ball forward.
A man sitting at a bench holding a smart phone.
A man swinging a bat towards a ball.
a wooden bench near the beach decorated with purple chiffon
A wooden deck lined with law chairs near the ocean.
a bird outside standing on a table looking up.
a small dog tied to a bench on a leash
a couple of women talk with each other 
A bicycle rests on a bench on a field on a hill.
An empty park bench in the middle of a tree covered park.
A batter prepares himself for the initial pitch.
A snowy path to a long dock overlooking the water
A girl talks and smiles on a telephone
The hotel room has been cleaned and is ready for its guests. 
A pair of women sitting on a bench as one holds a straw umbrella.
A professional baseball game with batter waiting for a pitch
A store window with a stuffed animal displayed in each pane.
A young boy standing in front of a themed birthday cake.
A group of several yellow flowers beside a bench.
Two students sitting at different tables on laptops.
A snow covered park bench with writing on it
A train at its station next to a bicycle leaning on a bench.
A picture of a crowd of people on a sandy beach with housing in the background. 
Two young children sitting outside on a bench eating doughnuts.
A hooded person sits on a bench beside birds walking through snow.
People sitting in a bus or train with luggage cart next to them.
An old bench sitting alone in a field
Two people posing for a photo with a horse brush in hand.
Many people ski near the snowboard racks at the bottom of a slop.
A metal stove that has a pot on top of it.
A few friends are riding bicycles together happily.
One small child attempting to get close to another child as they are pulling away.
A bench is in an area to have a view of the colorful trees
Black and white photo of cows and a bench in a field
A group of people on a museum bench using phones
Two blue umbrellas protect three boys while they are texting.
Street illuminate the night on a busy street.
A baseball player holding a bat while standing on a field.
The man is sitting on the bench by the boats by himself.
A man holding a sheep for display within an enclosure
A person sitting on a bench watching boats on the water.
A large park across the street from a big building.
Red buses are traveling down a street in the city.
A park with four benches near the grass. 
A small street with a buss passing through.

A baseball player swinging a bat next to home base.
A woman in a black coat sitting on a bench.
A bicycle leans on a bench at a subway stop.
a couple of people are sitting around a table outside
A bench sitting in front of a wall and next to a door.
A city at night with a green traffic signal.
some boats a dock water clouds and a building
a trio of men are riding on top of an elephant
people sitting down in front of a store
Small stuffed bear posed seemingly holding open beer bottle.
An old train near a station as a woman looks on
a tree that has a small bench in front of it
A person sitting on a wooden bench by some flowers.
Two skateboarders sit on a ledge with their feet on their skateboards.  
A person riding an elephant kicking soccer balls.
a man and a little girl witting on a bench by a small plane
A young woman sitting on a couch touching her hat.
A kid that is sitting in a highchair at a table is holding a cell phone to their ear.
A street intersection with street lights in a small town.
The man is using his laptop while he is outside in the park. 
Two girls sit on a bench on a patio.
A lady and a man with an umbrella sitting on a bench with a dog laying on the ground in front of them.
Adult male approaching center court during match play.
Two men near a tennis court net are standing with rackets. 
A blue umbrella on the beach over a folding chair
A young boy sits on a wooden bench and a white dog stands nearby. 
The baseball player is taking a good swing at the ball.
A man is sitting on a bench while another takes a nap.
Young elephant interacting with young woman with food bowl.
A boy riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.
a man with glasses sits on a park bench
A man skating on his skateboard in between cones. 
a split picture of the same people sitting on a bench
A train is parked under a roof next to a building.
A train pulled into a station as passenger board and exit it.
A young boy pushing a car filled with luggage.
a person in yellow pants in on a snowboard
A woman walking on a sidewalk talking on a cell phone.
A painting of a women sitting in a park on a wooden bench.
A passenger train that is about to pull into a station.
Students at a college on a sunny day
A bench positioned among the tall trees for shade
Soccer teams compete to keep the ball on their side
A young man in an orange shirt holds a cell phone outdoors.
An overly ripe banana on a park bench
a bench in a field near some small trees
two snow lifts near a tree with a sky background 
People dressed up with hats are by a bench.
A young man hitting a tennis ball with a baseball bat.
A row of park benches sitting next to a park.
A dog laying on a bench on a porch.
A young man rides his skateboard in front of a rectangular block on a street.
A street with restaurants and shops with Italian flags.
A man in green shorts stands at the helm of a white boat.
a boy is swinging a baseball bat at a game
Young girls in matching outfits carrying umbrellas at outdoor bus stop.
Straight line of benches on a sidewalk with few people.
A large crack in the ground that a bench has fallen into.
A bird stands near the trash cans at a busy, beach side park.
a couple of dogs that are sitting on a park pench
A man sitting on a park bench beside a dog
a group of people sitting at tables covered with umbrellas
The person is sitting alone on the bench outside.
People sit on benches lining a paved trail in a park
A woman sitting in red chair next to two wooden benches.
blue passenger seats on a train or subway car
These families are riding on the backs of elephants
A man laying on his back wearing a blue pair of skis.
A child is dressed in a ski suit and wearing skis.
View of a bench overlooking the ocean and sky.
There is a man sitting on every bench. 
Some wooden benches that are facing a pond.
a man is playing with an orange disk in a park
A park bench with an umbrella in front of mountains.
A kid grinding on on a bench with a skateboard 
A woman in leather boots sitting on a bench on a cell phone.
A big building with some very pretty benches in a row.
A black and grey cat is laying in a wooden cart.
A man is sitting on a bench with a sign in a baby buggy.
a man in a tie sits on a bench
A young man on a skateboard follows a sidewalk crack.
A few benches that are near a tree and in front of water. 
A small child and adults with luggage walking along a corridor. 
a man holding a baseball bat close to his face 
A dual shot of a young tennis player. 
The small bird is sitting on the back of a wooden chair. 
Three people are standing on a park bench with a poodle.
Several people on a porch playing with a dog.
A blue and white bus on a city street.
A green bench with a book sitting on top of that.
The woman is sitting on the bench by the water.
A big white bird standing in front of rows of benches.
A woman holding a white plate with slices of pizza.
A park bench and table near some water
A bench underneath some trees next to a sidewalk in a park.
A man sitting on a bench with two cats.
A red container filled with lots of different foods.
Man sitting on bench at elevated observation area overlooking waterway.
The earth next to a house is upturned.
An umpire and a catcher standing behind a baseball player holding a bat on home plate.
Two wooden benches sit in front of a tall brick building.
A group of people watch another group with an elephant
A little girl sitting on top of a cement bench.
a boy is holding up a small dog
People walk in a garden with benches and flowers.
Several people are sitting around at an airport with luggage next to them.
A green and blue bus driving past a forest.
A lady with a cap on sitting near water
A man sits on an elephant with an empty seat behind him for another rider.
A young boy holding a baseball bat at the pitch
A clock tower is near the beach. 
A baseball player swinging a bat next to home plate.
a hairy man lying on a bench besides a bush
A group of people sitting at a picnic table that has Frisbees, glasses and a dog on it.
a man in a wetsuit is siting down for a break 
A city bus at a bustop with people 
A baseball player swinging a bat during a baseball game.
The man next to the woman holding a pink umbrella walking toward the food truck.
A man carrying a suit case with a child inside.
A woman faces her opponent at a tennis match
The black and white photo shows a park bench near trees.
A man and woman standing close together on a boardwalk near the beach.
An elephant is being guided through a park.
An old white car is seen parked outside of a building
Outdoor seating service area features red chairs and brick patio.
Two people are riding on the top of an elephant.
Several benches near poles with lights near a river. 
a group of children sitting at a cafeteria style table eating a meal.
Two brown teddy bears sitting on top of a red bench. 
A girl waves awkwardly while sitting on a bench against a rock wall.
an elephant walking with three people on it 
A group of bikers are parked alongside a road.
A man watches people on a boat on the river.
A man walking in drizzling rain in front of a building.
A group of people sitting on top of a bench.
a group of people sitting on the sand with a lake in the background
A large bush of yellow and pink flowers next to a bench.
A baseball player is attempting to hit the ball while the catcher is ready to catch in case he misses; the umpire looks on.
What kind of donuts are these hands holding?
A TRAIN PASSING BY VERY FAST ON THE TRAIN TRACKS 
A cannon is on display near a bench. 
Young boy gets ready to kick a ball.
A man sits at a table that has a surfboard propped against it.
Many adult sheep eat grass near baby lambs.
a girl rides a skateboard on a brick path
There is a bench sitting outside of a building.
A man in a baseball outfit throws a ball.
a white bench sand a fence and plants
Furniture and a piano in a sitting room with a fireplace.
A baseball player holding a baseball bat wearing a helmet
a man standing on a sidewalk not wearing a shirt
Two young men skateboard down a sidewalk 
A person sitting on a concrete bench with an umbrella.
a person that is jumping a skateboard over some stairs
Several kids playing a game of baseball while onlookers watch.
A bus parked along a street with buildings in the background.
Group of people sitting on a park bench along the side of a road. 
a group of luggage sitting on the ground next to some tables
A train is pulled up to the passenger loading.
A group of birds sitting on top of a wooden bench.
A very tall building with lots of windows and three flag poles
A wooden bench in front of a brick fire place 
The two people are sitting on the bench together outside.
A group of people camping with tents and picnic tables on the beach. 
The park scene shows a lake with ducks. 
an image of a bike parked near a bench
an out of focus picture of a bench on a lawn
a group of people playing a game of soccer 
A boy scout wearing a Frisbee on his face
A boy practicing his skate-boarding skills inside of a pizzeria
A skateboarder grinding on a bowl in front of a crowd.
A big pretty vase with some flowers in  the dark.
This is an image of a man who is a guitar street performer.
The home plate umpire is calling a strike on the last pitch
A window and door of a home from the inside.
A young lady standing on wet ground holding an umbrella.
A chair that is sitting in front of a wall.
Man and boys in baseball game laughing white spectators watch the field.
A woman on a path holds out her hand for a bird to alight on.
A mother and daughter carrying luggage for travelingm
A boy that is standing in front of a red clock.
Rows of people sit on benches under colorful umbrellas.
A dog with a red collar sitting on a bench. 
A back ally with a pile of luggage belonging to a famous escapologist. 
A man swinging a bat at a ball.
A group of people enjoying a pot-luck dinner.
A horse with a woman standing beside the horse in a fenced in area
a group of people sit next to each other 
A yellow bus driving down a city street.
An umpire makes a call at a baseball game.
Four people looking at a garden of cacti in the rain.
A yard with a wooden fence is covered in grass and lined with potted plants.
a red blue and white bus riding down a empty street 
Tall white building with spires on sunny day.
Two elderly people sit on a bench overlooking the ocean at sunset.
A motorcyclist passes a group of bicyclists heading in the opposite direction.
Purple and gold Metro train arriving or departing from station.
A couple of benches sitting in the middle of a train station.
A man sitting on a bench using a laptop.
A person sitting on a bench next to a dog.
A baseball player trots along the base path.  
A clean, organized room with a fireplace and TV.
A baseball player holding a bat near home plate.
there are three boys sitting down with their luggage
a park bench looks over a city view
A vehicle is shown pulled over on the side of a road.
A man sitting on a bench overlooking a bay.
A blue bench in a person's backyard area
A baseball player holding a baseball bat during a game.
A person sitting on top of a bench near a street.
Four people on a ski lift going up a mountain.
A cat is laying in front of a bench on a patio.
Several students sitting in rows of seats on a bus.
A building with many suitcases stacked on a street.
A very nice scenic area with a lot of self grown plants and trees. 
A statue in a park of a girl sitting next to a dog. 
A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball
A scenic view of the ocean from benches on the sand.
The people are putting the umbrellas together. 
A red bench on a sidewalk with a Hotel sign behind it
A person playing tennins about the hit the ball.
A baseball player swings at a ball coming towards home plate.
An empty kitchen with a table that has dirty dishes.
a train sitting on a track with a group of people waiting on it
skiers and snowboarders move down a snowy mountain has ski lift chairs move above them
a park filled with paths and some trees 
A kitten sits under a wooden bench with a backpack on it.
A man sitting on a bench next to potted flower.
A woman smiling while sitting on a bench with her cup of coffee.
Two people are walking down a walk path with umbrellas over their heads.
A person running while holding a white Frisbee.
A polar bear rug sitting on a bench.
A cow lies down in a pen and looks at the camera.
a person jumping a skate board in the air
Players on a team watch as the hitter tries to hit the baseball.
People walking across the street in front of a clock. 
Three dogs playing and chasing each other on a bench.
A clock tower with a statue on the top of it next to trees.
Man sitting on bench with smart phone and pack, while woman sleeps on bench.
The garden does not appear to have many flowers in it.
A view from above of a cozy, well-furnished living room.
Computer animation of multiple figures looking at model airplanes. 
Man sitting on a petioner with laptop in city
A photograph of flowers blooming next to a bench.
A yellow fire hydrant in a city area.  
A double decker bus stops at a bus stop to pick up passengers.
A man taking a swing at a baseball on th efield
There is a batter, a catcher, and an umpire at home plate.
A guy throwing a frisbee with other people.
A wooden bench sitting in grass under a tree.
A bench sitting in the middle of purple and yellow flowers.
A large kitchen and dining room in a log cabin.
Two males are skateboarding in a skate park.

A living room with wood floors, TV on, and a dog sitting on the couch.
A woman walking down a street talking on the phone.
A glorious sunny day at the beach and a man sitting on a bench taking it all in.
A empty bathroom that has a light on, on the wall.
a male and a female are wearing black jackets
Blue and white electric train running through an older looking city.
Dark cat lying on metal bench on promenade.
Home dining area with white walls and furnishings overlooking water.
A tourist train in the middle of it's route.
A subway train with the doors wide open next to a bench and pole.
Two women and a boy sitting on a bench next to a lake.
One woman and two men with skis and ski poles outside in the snow.
A group of chairs under an umbrella on a snowy day. 
a happy couple riding the pack of an elephant
People sit in chairs in front of a large window
Laundry on a clothesline and a bench in a field.
A man on a baseball diamond poses with a bat.
One boy doing tricks on a skateboard over a boy riding a bike. 
A business establishment with motorcycle displays in it.
A red kite flying high over a house
A wedding party take a photo dressed in purple and white in front of a red and white shed with picnic tables next to it.
A black and white photo of several people waiting at a transit station.
Old fashioned photo of some buildings with cars and a bus outside.
a cat on a bench near a wooden wall
Three men sitting on a bench fiddle with their smart phones.
A lot of people and some motorcycles in the street.
a shakespeare book sits on a wooden bench
A young couple on vacation stand posing with their motorbikes in front of a town sign. 
Children playing on and around a giraffe sculpture.
A baseball player is holding a bat in his hand. 
a public transit bus on a city street 
A park bench is sitting in the park.
A terminal with several buses and cars parked.
A couple smiles while sitting on a bench in a small landscaped area.
A boy riding a skateboard with a helmet on at a skate park. 
A blue train arriving at a station nearby
A child is smiling next to a tower with a clock on it. 
A woman standing while on her phone standing on a subway platform.
a bench near many different plant life near a path
A bunch of people are eating donuts and drinking cider.
This lady is sitting on a bench reading a book while pigeons are walking by.
A man boarding a bus at a bus stop.
a child standing near a pile of luggage bags
The bearded man sits near a large pizza.
A bench near a tree in a field.
People in a green park in front of tall buildings.
A green traffic sitting at the end of a road next to a red light.
A child poses while holding a large cat.
Black and white photo of people walking down the street and people sitting at tables under the trees.
A man sitting on a bench near a variety of flowers. 
A tan dog rests on a public bench in a city at night.
A couple of men that are sitting on a bench in the grass.
A man that is standing in the dirt with a baseball bat.
A bicycle rests on the ground next to a bench.
A woman sitting at a picnic table in a verdant landscape
A man on a skateboard performs a trick on the ledge.
a wooden bench and two chairs and a brown building
A girl sitting on a bench holding a bat decoration
Seats in the middle of an empty train platform.
a bus sitting parked on a wet road with some mountains off in the distance
A cyclist travels down a leaf strewn path in a park.
A man with a brown vest is smiling and holding his sheep.
Two buses traveling down the road next to a field of grass.
A man that is sitting near a sign.
A man on a porch swing drinking a beer with a dog standing in his lap.
A crowded beach with cattle laying in the sand 
a woman sitting on a bench while she talks on the phone 
A man is checking computer and audio equipment in a room.
Shadows dominate the landscape in this dark, dreary scene.
People in a market around a table of bananas.
A view of a baseball player in a game.
a person standing up eating a doughnut 
Two men sitting on a bench typing on a computer.
A person is riding down a hill on skis.
A man is walking and talking on his cell phone.
A group of police officers that are riding on motorcycles.
A wall with a set of two rows of chairs below a wall clock.
People at a beach in day with the moon visible.
A group of boys are playing around with a skateboard.
a window with a view of traffic driving down the road 
Row of outdoor tables with chesse boards on them
Four young children looking at a colorful cake.
A group of people playing on a tennis court.
A tennis player is holding her racket on the court.
The boy is talking on his cell phone .
A team of baseball players practicing at an empty baseball field.
people standing around in a yard in front of a big building with a clock tower 
two big black birds in a park hanging around a park bench.
A woman sitting on a park bench looking at a laptop.
A park area with a clock and marble steps
A by stands in front of a garage holding a flag
Person with an orange backpack laying down on a park bench. 
several full bike racks lining city street and public bus
A man walks out of a pizza shop with a pizza,
An orange tabby cat sitting on a bright blue bench.
A park next to the lake with a tree and a bench.
some people and a person in a gray shirt catching a frisbee
Broken bench on the boardwalk next to a beach.
people on the field playing baseball and others watching
a bench under a tree next to a green field.
A man sitting on a boat next to another boat full of supplies.
A tennis court surrounded by buildings has two players on it.
a little league player swinging a bat during a game 
back side of temporary road sign near intersection
Bicycle parked by a bench in the setting sun.
The dogs are standing on the bench in the snow.
A large group of people skateboarding down a city street together with no cars on the street.
Two men playing baseball in a neighborhood park.
A man is sitting on a bench that is on the beach.
A beautiful young woman holding a tennis racquet.
A man in a wind suit walking to a set of benches.
The train platform has green benches on it.
a man is hitting a baseball with a bat
A person sitting on a bench with a book.
A baseball player hitting after a ball while other players sit in the dugout behind him. 
a bus with an advertisement on a street.
People standing in front of and walking by a store.
A skateboard park with many people on their boards.
A young girl sitting on a bench with a dog.
A group of people collide while trying to catch a frisbee.
A gentleman wearing glasses sitting on a bench
Several men are lined up on the bench during a baseball game.
A man with a fedora on sitting on a bench.
A black and white image of three people on a bench
Two cats cleaning themselves near a park bench. 
A woman walking down a street in the rain while holding an umbrella.
Grey wooden bench sitting outside next to a vine.
A black and white photo of a man sitting on a bench
There is a motorcycle parked by a park bench
Two ladies looking at pictures on a camera in the park.
A group of teens playing frisbee in a park
A girl in a princess outfit holding a colorful umbrella.
Two men doing tricks and stunts with an elephant. 
A pug dog sitting on a park bench near some gloves.
Two little girls sitting on a bench at a softball game 
An empty wooden bench with an empty path stretching into the distance.
a boat parked on dry land by the ocean 
Several cars are parked at the curb of a sidewalk.
A black train engine passing by park bench and building.
The bus is about ready to stop at the bus stop. 
Several different types of stuffed animal sit on a shelf.
Woman in an outside picnic area brushing her teeth.
A woman standing on a tennis court with a racquet.
A bicycle parked on the sidewalk next to a wooden bench.
Two horses in a pasture near a some homes
The woman in blue is posing in front of the water.
a lady in green sitting on a bench with a baby buggy 
A shiny motorcycle is parked on a city sidewalk.
A worn wooden bench near a colorful flower garden.
A man standing on the train tracks next to a train.
Wooden benches sit amongst a floor scratched with "No entry please".
A black cat laying in the sun on a green bench
A mid shot of a person with a skateboard resting in their lap.
A bird perched on a table drinking out of a coffee cup.
The man is sitting down on the bench by the water by himself.
a group of people are standing on the street one is holidng an umbrella
A person is holding a skateboard with one edge on the ground.
an elephant standing with two feet on a stool
Large red bus sitting at a bus top in a city. 
People sitting at a table with plates of food and beverages in front of them. 
A person in a baseball uniform holding a bat. 
a woman sits at a subway station bench and looks at her phone
A couple sits together on the end of a stone bench.
a woman is standing outside with her luggage
The home plate umpire calls the base runner safe at home.
A park covered in snow with a bench, trees, and neo-gothic architecture in the background.
Two women are sitting on a bench and looking at each other.
Two women smile while sitting at a table with drinks.
A student walks in the rain with a green umbrella.
A man is skiing and people behind him prepare to do the same.
A batter swings at the ball at the baseball game.
A boy standing in a subway station with a bag of luggage.
Several piles of yellow bananas vertically affixed to bamboo poles
three elephants with chairs on their backs for sitting
A person sitting on a bench alongside a dirt trail on a green mountain pasture.
A park bench between two trees looking out to a body of water.
people on the boat moving on the ocean
Two men are sitting on the bench and sleeping.
A young boy carries a bushel of bananas.
Several men standing together on a tennis court.
a large bear is standing on a road near some people
A person sitting on a park bench with a blue umbrella.
Catcher crouches down with ball in glove at a baseball game
A man sitting on top of a park bench.
A body of water with a boat full of passengers sitting on the deck.
Wooden benches line a wall behind a cobblestone path. 
A bench that is underneath trees in the grass.
People sitting on a bench above the water.
Two bicycles are parked in this sun filled garden.
A clock tower that is near an ocean.
A dog is sitting next to a hole.
A child swinging a baseball bat in front of a crowd of people.
A wooden bench sits next to a stairwell.
Many fans are in a stadium watching a baseball game.
A bench in a park covered in snow.
Two slices of pizza on a table with one beverage. 
A man does tricks on his skateboard on a rail
A bus is in front of a building.
A crosswalk area with a woman in black walking across.
a group of people playing soccer in a field
A white bus is picking up passengers at the stop. 
A girl standing on a tennis court, holding a tennis racket behind her head.
Iron patio table with chairs on a tile floor.
Three men are sitting on a park bench.
A skateboarder executing a jump trick at a skate park.
A wood bench in a green lush forest.
An elderly man and a woman with a stroller sitting on opposite sides of a bench next to cars.
These people have a lot of gear for some sort of activity.
A kid is standing near a flock of seagulls and a playground.  
An older person sitting on a bench in a park playing a game in a magazine.
A pair of men talking on side of street 
A tennis player in mid air action on a court.
A young lady is sitting on a wooden bench with a book. 
A group of three men standing on a lush green park.
A man riding a skateboard on a bench near some trees.
Two female soccer players are running towards the ball.
A white train passing a red train parked at a railroad station.
Bikers ride down a street in a large city.
Players sit on the bench and watch a soccer game.
A picture of someone's living room with furniture and appliances.
A motorcycle, a few cars and trucks on the street outside some buildings.
the yellow van is parked in front of the building
A teen boy does a skateboard trick in the park.
A book is resting on a green bench
Two Pugs sitting on a bench at the beach.
Man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper.
A covered picnic area in a park that's empty
A decorative blue bench along a city street.
A batter, catcher and umpire during a baseball game.
Two people are sitting on a bench that looks down on the valley.
a couple of people wait to board a city bus 
Laptop and two computer screens on a desk overlooking a snowy yard
The men are throwing Frisbee's in the field. 
Several people playing a game of Frisbee on a sports field
A catcher catching a baseball behind a batter.
A room is lined with identical wooden benches with slats. 
All birds all in a row on a bench near the water.
Families hanging out with their kids at the park. 
The woman is sitting on a bench on a sunny day.
The young boy is practicing baseball in the outdoor area.
a trolley train sit parked next to some people
A shirtless man talking on the phone standing in the grass
A dog standing on the side of luggage in a room. 
A man skateboarding in a park near an apartment.
People riding a horse pulled hay cart at an outdoor festival
A black motorcycle with a large rusty chain.
A tennis player is filmed as she gets set to hit the ball.
A young woman running while holding a tennis racket.
a couple of people sitting on a bench by a path
A strong man wearing a white tshirt sitting on a bench.
A person sitting on the edge of a bench. 
A girl playing softball about to hit the ball.
Boy holding a dog on a leash while skateboarding on the sidewalk.
A young boy hits a baseball during a game
a man playing tennis with a bunch of people watching
A winter scene of a park bench covered in snow among the trees.
A park bench and several chairs overlaid with a reflection of a building and a tree.
A person in a black suit with a black and white striped tie.
A giraffe resting it's head on a fence at a zoo. 
A person sitting on a bench over looking the mountains.
A baseball batter looking down the first base line in front of a crowd.
some people chairs grass and a table and food
A park bench sits vacant in a city square.
There are three horses and two dump trucks in front of a modular structure.
A group of young women participate in a soccer game.
an image of a train going in a railroad
A skateboarder riding a rail on a skateboard.
A man is learning back on a wooden bench.
Skateboarder caught mid-flight from a ramp at a skate park
Two boys are sitting on a park bench with a bag.
A man rides a skateboard through an obstacle course.
a large white bus is at a bus stop
An umpire giving the safe sign in a baseball game.
A boardwalk area by the water with lots of picnic tables.
Park bench in between two trees with fog in the background.
a train parked in front of a terminal
A plastic bottle is laying on a metal bench.
A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.
a team of soccer players on the field
A woman on the cell phone sitting next to a restaurant character. 
A bus is parked next to a sidewalk in front of a building. 
a white boat sitting next to a dock and a larger boat
a boy or young man about to eat a large piece of pizza
A green trolley car is passing the station 
There is a female tennis player playing a tennis game
A decent sized crowd walks down a boardwalk near a local theatre.
A woman is sitting down next to her luggage bag. 
A big building with people standing around and a white truck in front.
Adult sitting at table with desert tort near other adults.
a man smiling and pointing at the camera from a  distance 
a couple of people that are next to a train station
A statue of shoes resting under a wooden bench.
a woman with a plaid hat sitting on a wooden bench
A bench is next to a sign in the subway.
A young boy swinging a bat on a tee ball.
A boy in blue striped jacket playing with a toy.
root beer and a loaded hot dog for lunch
Woman on park bench holding a St Bernard dog on a leash.
A host of oriental umbrella's lying on the ground.
A man in a green shirt and a woman in a white shirt on a bench

A bench in the park on a rainy day.
a dog tied to a park bench with a backpack
A woman holding up an umbrella to shield herself from the sun.
Multiple men are playing soccer on a court.
Catcher throws back the ball the batter missed during the Baseball game.
Two large suitcases sitting unattended at a bus station.
The people in the boat are holding three umbrellas. 
A spire with a clock on top of a building on a city street. 
A wooden bench sitting next to a white building.
A park bench sitting in a snow covered field
There is a flower bed, trees, and benches at this riverfront.
A school bus parked outside a brick building in the city
A blue metal bench with shoes sitting in front.
The skateboarder is able to perform several impressive tricks.
A large clock on a pole near a building.
People are playing on a court with a soccer ball.
A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.
Several people sit on park benches by the water.
A bird flying over the water as the sun goes down
A suitcase is placed outside on a bench.
A large room with a ben and some chairs
Train cars stand on three tracks in the station.
A young girl with a bag sitting on a bench.
A train is riding down an enclosed boarding station.
A young woman sitting on the bench of a pier reading the newspaper
A wooden bench in the middle of a desert area.
A black and white photo of two trains on tracks.
A cow is by some trees and a tent structure.
A man sits alone on a train platform at night
A brick patio with white furniture and an umbrella.
The woman is using the computer at the table.
A black and white photo of a bench over looking a mountain.
A cat peeking out from the edge of a garden bench 
A large window with advertising routing for a sports team
A row of teddy bears sit on a curb near a cobblestone street.
People are waiting under the roof at the bus stop.
a person sitting on a bench near a body of water 
A man is standing next to some inflatables
a skateboarder skating in between some green cones
Black and white of a white cat resting on a park bench.
an image of a boy that is hitting a bat
Two men read off a paper next to a cow
A pair of leather shoes sitting on an outdoor bench.
Small potted tree next to bench on a porch.
Bench in a garden surrounded by vines and flowers. 
Several people standing with luggage inside a metro station.
a couple of wood benches are near a building
A bench in an garden full of flowers
A wood bench under a tree in front of some bushes.
A man is flying a kite over a green hill.
Three people on bicycles greet each other near a traffic light in front of trees and a stone building.
An American flag flying from the top of a flag pole.
A fat cat sitting on a wooden bench.  
A boy on a skateboard grinding on the edge of the bowl.
there are two blue seats that are on this train
A woman sitting on a bench looking at a cellphone.
A furry black dog licks is lips in the snow next to a yellow fire hydrant. 
a bunch of empty benches with snow laying on the ground around them
A group of people sitting around a table sharing conversation.
Two men are sitting outside enjoying the fountain show.
A man who is jumping over another man on a skateboard.
Men holding their coffees and posing in front of Big Ben.
An SUV driving down a down town city street.
A woman preparing to play a game of tennis.
Five surf boards laying on a lawn near a sidewalk.
Two people with an umbrella sitting on a bench looking at the ocean.
some people are playing frisbee by the ocean
A man with a ball, while a lady is seated on a bench
A person sitting on a park bench in the rain while holding an umbrella
Three men with hats and in-air frisbee in front of bleachers.
two cows eating some grass next to the shore 
A Red train stopped at a passenger platform with its doors open.
A group of men standing around a field playing baseball.
An oval picture of the outdoors in the evening that has trees and flowers.
A woman in black sits at a bench and looks at her phone.
A young man reads a book on a wooden bench as others sit on the wooden steps outside an urban building.
People and bikes on the pavement next to buildings. 
A man and a woman with cameras at a baggage claim.
A custom made motorcycle with a trailer and two seats.
two women sitting on benches one with a black shirt the other blue
A young boy plays tennis on the court
small children playing soccer on a field in uniforms.
a wood bench with some flowers next to it.
Two people sitting on a park bench in the park.
A person that is sitting on a bench.
there is a young boy that is standing between some trees
A red trolley car on the street next to the sidewalk.
A boy having a good time riding his skateboard down the pike.
The building has a tower displaying a clock in town. 
A woman and two children are at an outdoor table.
A couple of people riding on the backs of two dirt bikes.
A black cat with white paws scratches and the wooden back rest of a bench.
A person with sunglasses on sitting on a bench with a back pack sitting in front of him.
An umpire standing behind a little boy playing catcher at a baseball game.
A guy posing in the grass with some surf boards.
A train is driving on the rails of a track. 
Many pink flowers are sitting on an old table near chairs. 
a kitchen table covered with assorted items on it 
A boy skateboards over a park table and bench.
A man swinging a bat towards a baseball.
Two people sharing a public bench in front of a business.
A subway car is completely empty of passengers.
a lady that  sitting on a park bench
A group of buses stopped at a bus stop.
Man sitting on bench on rocky shore watching ship in distance.
a bench sitting in a grassy field with trees in the background
A large clock tower towering over a large city.
A baseball player in a batting stance with other players watching.
A white plastic fork and a container top left on a wooden bench.
Many people ride their skateboards with helmets on.
Benches and basketball hoops in a park in the winter.
woman on a stone bench watching elephants in the grass
A wooden bench with two white vases on the surface.
A man laying on a cast iron bench.
A boy smiling while jumping on a skate board. 
There is a set of four pictures with groups of people in them.
A teddy bear sitting on a bunch with a painting behind it.
TWO CATS LYING TOGETHER SLEEPING ON A BENCH
A tennis player wearing red shorts and a white shirt holds one hand in the air as the other hand holds up a racket.
A bench on a hill overlooking a beach.
A tennis player runs to reach the ball.
Many people are sitting on benches are a fountain. 
Passenger entering the train at a Paris Metro station
a man does a trick on a bike on a bench
A man sleeping on a bench with his shoes off.
The woman is sitting on the bench and talking on her phone.
A large boat moves down a small channel.
An empty bench along side a street bench
People are standing near luggage bags on a train platform.
a person that is holding a frizbee in a park
A woman's purse sitting on a park bench.
A group of people flying kites on the sand.
A man flying a kite over a basketball hoop.
A man pitching a ball from a mound on a baseball field.
This is a great scene of people enjoying their life time.

People and children walking in the rain carrying umbrellas.
A photograph of two boys sitting on a bench posing for the photo.
A man is sitting on a bench while using his laptop.
People wear matching shirts as a bus and are painting a park bench.
A young boy practicing hitting a baseball with a baseball bat.
A man and a women who are reading on a bench.
A wooden bench is held up by two carved wooden figures.
An amusement park ride that has a cart passing by a castle.
a clock with four faces on a stone pillar
Two people sit closely on a subway train.
A person covered up in warm clothing sitting on a bench, with two bags next to them.
Many people sitting outside at tables decorated with flowers.
a bench in front of a building near flowers
Athletes with green jerseys are sitting on a bench
People out on a boardwalk with a kite flying in the air 
A woman is on a bench overlooking the city.
A man is waiting at the train station waiting for the train to arrive
A large horse wearing a harness and blinders. 
Two men holding tennis rackets in their hands.
A small girl is playing frisbee with a man.
A wooden bench sitting up against some trees.
A batter named Singleton breaks his bat as his swings.
A large brown bear sitting on top of a bench.
three wooden benches next to each other in a semi circle next to a garden and shrubbery.
A man in a red jacket walks down a walking trail next to a park.
A woman at a table eating something off of a fork
An older man sitting on a set of steps.
A woman at bat with at home plate and in a swinging motion with a softball bat, as a yellow softball is near the ground behind her.
A girl smiles and poses on an outdoor bench.
A bench is on cement surrounded by daisies.
A woman stands in front of stuffed animals at a garage sale while a man bends over to pick something up.
people sitting, walking around and some are in groups
A white and grey cat laying on a wooden bench.
A man sitting on a park bench in the sun 
People sit on a bench or stand around a man who is in the air on his skateboard.
A man is throwing a Frisbee in the air. 
a baseball player with a bat and some fans
A park area with rocks near a walking path and sheep laying around a park bench and on the grass.
An insect shaped bench in a children's library
A woman carrying a dog on a leash while holding an umbrella.
A small family sitting on a bench on a grassy field surrounded by ducks.
The tennis player is walking with her tennis racket in her hand.
A group of people with uniforms playing with a flying disc.
Two young children trying to fly kites in the park. 
An airplane flying low in the sky over picnic tables.
Woman in a black jacket sitting on a park bench.
Three dogs are playing together at the dog park
a wooden bench besides a very wide tree
A close-up of an elephant with two people riding on its back.
Person holding up a blue kite with a red tail on it. 
There is a clock on top of a post
The man looks over the edge at the water.
a strip of buildings with a busy street filled with people
A giant bird sculpture on a black mail box.
He barely catches the Frisbee before other players do.
Bicycle parked on the sidewalk next to a bench.
Several people walk in the rain down a sidewalk.
A baseball player standing with a bat in his hands during a game. 
Some people resting under umbrellas at a beach.
 a person sitting on a bench reading a book
A woman getting ready to hit a tennis ball on a court.
This bird waited all day to get a seat on the bench.
A dog laying on a bench next to a bag, a carton and a radio.
A man with a baseball cap is sitting on a bench.
A man and a woman stand on the sidewalk lined with street lights.
Two birds are perched on a bench by some water. 
A photo of a boy sitting on a bench next to a dog.
A large teddy bear sitting on a bench with two smaller teddy bears.
CHILD WITH HANDS TUCKED UNDER CHEEKS, LIES SLEEPING ON A PARK BENCH 
a person next to a statue of a person with a dog
A picnic table at a campsite is loaded with tons of camping gear.
A person's bike sitting at a train station.
A young girl sitting in a food court with a bottle and plate.
A group of women sitting on a wooden bench next to each other.
A baseball getting ready to bat while a catcher waits behind him and people watch from benches.
A park bench next to a trash can and newspaper rack in a park.
An office complex with people on their bikes 
A black and white photo of a kids baseball game.
A warped wooden bench sitting next to a green patch of plants.
A child playing while waiting in a waiting room.
A man holding a bat over a white base.
An old rusty fire hydrant sitting in the grass near a picnic table.
A tree that is sitting in the grass.
A very fit looking lady sitting alone at a table.
A young man is skateboarding along a walkway.
A bag, a frisbee and a tin can on a wooden bench.
A large black dog sitting underneath a wooden bench.
A catcher and batter at the plate in a baseball game 
A bench is in front brick wall between two plant beds.
A man stands with a child playing in a park.
A large building with a fire hydrant by the street.
A bench in some grass near some trees.
A wooden bench on the side of a trail has a backpack left on it.
A black and white image of two people standing near a train. 
Two children are sitting on an elephant by water.
A wooden bench in the grass on a field.
A little boy leaning on a bench in the sand.
There is a cow laying down on the field.
A green park bench sitting next to a shrub.
A man wearing three pairs of sunglasses holding three cell phones
A small alley way sits beneath a housing structure.  
A dining area with multiple tables and black chairs.
Sheep graze in a field next to two large houses.
a son and father holding an umbrella riding an elephant 
A white and gray cat with a striped tail crouches on a park bench under some bushes. 
A man sits on a bench reading a book 
A room of a wooden table, two chairs and a bench. 
A busy train depot with a train pulled up.
This is a photo of a room with a picnic table in the center. 
A business called Ray's Tavern with motorcycles sitting outside it.
The pitcher is about to throw his very best pitch.
A bunch of red benches with a green roof with grass around.
A clock tower in the middle of a walkway near the ocean at sunset.
A man and a woman eating hamburgers on a park bench.
A bunch of people on various benches in front of building.
Red bus with graffiti stops to pick up passenger.
a person riding a skate board at a skate park
A person on a field with a soccer ball.
A dinning area with a table, one chair, and two benches.
A couple sitting on a bench out in public.
A bicycle with a bag on it parked next to a park bench.
Large building in the middle of a partly sunny day.
A long line of red double-decker buses are parked along a street.
A musician dressed in medieval clothing talks on a cell phone to the amusement of onlookers.
A woman who is holding a tennis racket.
An elephant with some people sitting on it's back
A man at a bus stop with a bus with bike in front 
a train on a train track at a train station
The black table with chairs under red umbrella is on the sidewalk.
A guitar case and some luggage sitting alongside a sitting bench.
A pair of people sit on a bench on the ground.
A tennis player moves to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
The front of a multi story house with decorative landscaping.
A wooden bench sitting on a side walk.
A catcher is ready to get the ball after the batter misses.
The dog is sitting on the bench next to its owner. 
a light post in the middle of the park
The young boys are playing a game of baseball. 
A stone bench sitting in front of a beach.
A couple riding skis across snow covered ground.
A person is doing something that is quite fun.

The man is walking on the beach with his hat on
To park benches sitting on the grass next to a tree. 
A wooden bench beside a small, peaceful marina
The two girls are reading text messages from friends.
three children on a sidewalk of a playground
A group of men are at a big table with laptop computers.
A woman in white shirt and red pants playing a game of tennis.
Several people standing around buses and most wearing orange vests.
People watching the performance of four elephants in the middle of a dirt arena.
A woman sits outside on a bench and reads.
A bench in the shade of a tree overlooks the view from a hillside.
Two children play on the post of a street side clock. 
People are on a boat by the water.
A women and girl standing next to a bench that has two teddy bears sitting in it.
A person on a bike on a city street.
A group of people standing outside in a park eating food on paper plates. 
Cameramen are ready to take pictures of skateboarders.
THERE IS A PERSON THAT IS RIDING THE BACK OF AN ELEPHANT 
Two baseball players giving each other a high five.
A bicycle sits next to some benches near the street. 
A dog looking at a man sitting on a bench
A picture of two teams playing baseball together.
A wooden park bench is in front of a gate during the mid afternoon.
Stepping stones in the grass leading to a bench.
The man in a green hat is skate boarding.
A man holding a sausage in a rice crispy treat.
Stuffed bears are part of an open air market display.
People relaxing at a beach and enjoying the water.
Man laying down on a park bench in a city. 
A little girl wearing a helmet and holding a baseball bat.
Elderly men sitting on a park bench and standing nearby
a person is outside trying to fix a bike
A pregnant hiker and her dog rest on a bench
A cooler and tackle box sitting behind a bench.
A modern silver and red fire hydrant is displayed.
a little boy that is  playing a piano 
A boat sits on the water under the bridge.
People walking along a snowy path in a park.
Empty park benches on grass near the water.
Storm clouds on a sandy beach on the coastline
A red commuter train stopped at a train station.
A group of people standing around a skateboard ramp.
A wood bench with advertising on the back.
A young baseball player pitching the ball from the mound.
A couple people at the beach working on an object that looks like large wings. 
a person riding a bike with people sitting on a bench
A hat sitting on the top of a bench near some grass and a sidewalk.
A small table with cups and saucers and a clock on it.
A pair of tennis players smile in an historical photo.
a person sitting on a bench with a view of some mountains 
people watching a little league baseball game 
A wooden bench nestled in front of sparse woods.
A man in a suit and tie sitting on a bench.
A small gazebo  surrounded by a garden of flowers
A person sitting at a table and a horse looking over a fence. 
A glass shower door near a sink counter.
A dog is laying in the grass outside of a house.
 A very large elephant standing near two younger ones.
A person getting ready to bat while a catcher waits behind him and people watch from the bleachers.
A man leads an elephant giving rides to children.
A man wearing sunglasses sits on a bench.
A banana peel on the floor next to a bench. 
some people riding motorcycles a blue bus and buildings
A woman holding a hot dog with fixings while sitting on a bench 
A girl sitting on a bench beside a lake.
A cat that is looking at something behind it.
A bear stands in a garden next to a deck. 
A kid standing with a baseball bat in his hands.
A base ball player batting a ball while others look out from a dug out.
A woman is sitting on a bench resting her foot on some luggage.
A young person holding a bat standing next to home plate.
a person sitting on a bench in a park with trees in the background
A woman sitting on a bench pets her dog.
An orange train engine pulls into a subway station.
A cement bench is in a creepy looking park.
A person wearing a helmet sitting on a park bench with a bicycle leaning  on the side.
Wooden bench on porch with wood post near double door.
A laptop that is on top of a desk.
two people riding skate boards near a building
a person sitting at a bench near a bush 
Two people sitting on a bench by the river. 
A poster of a woman waiting for someone while sitting on a stone bench. 
Empty park benches in front of a high stone wall.
A sign with plants and shade umbrellas sitting on the side of the road. 
a wooden bench with red legs and some potted plants
A set of stairs has a window underneath it.
Two blue benches on the sand at the beach.
A large sign and small building on a road.
Man sitting in a park feeding a flock of pigeons. 
A wooden bench sitting on a hillside next to a road.
Benches and tables on the grass near a lake. 
a guy sitting at a fancy restaurant with food in front of him
The two men are sitting on the bench near the park.
A man in grey hoodie sitting at a park bench next to bushes.
A black and white image of a skateboarder. 
A black and white photo of men sitting on benches
An empty bottle sitting on a picnic table.
a bench sitting in the middle of nowhere in a mountain range 
A women who is reading something while sitting on a bench.
A person is sitting on a bench with an umbrella.
A truck with the hood open sits in an area that has been lightly dusted with snow and is a wooded area with sparse trees.
A black-and-white photo of two women sitting on horses.
Several men skating down a road in a town.
Two women sitting on a bench together .
A BASE BALL PLAYER IS SWINGING THAT BAT
People sit on benches near a street and shops.
A view of a bench overlooking a mountain range.
A picture of some benches against brick walls.
Small bird standing on wooden light colored painted bench.
Three benches are next to the water near the bridge.
A train drives under a sky walk for pedestrians. 
The double-decker bus drives away from the bus stop.
A bench sits by a lake in the sunset.
A bench sitting on some carpet on the side of the street
Two men playing with a frisbee disc in a park.
A city sidewalk lined with trees and people sitting in benches.
He's taking a picture of his friends at the restaurant.
Tourists riding on the backs of elephants under fancy umbrellas by a temple
A baseball player prepares to swing as a pitch is thrown.
A group of people gathered outside eating some food.
The large crowd is watching a batter at home plate. 
An empty wooden bench on a dark street.
A man flipping a skateboard up into the air.
A table outside with a trellis just behind
This is an image of a boy at bat in baseball.
A softball player swinging at a pitch while wearing a red helmet.
Several men sitting on a blue bench in a gymnasium
A train on tracks passing by a river and a house
A female Tennis play appears to be waiting for the ball to make it to her. 
A batter has just hit the ball at home plate.
Two little girls sitting beside each other eating food. 
A group of people flying kites at an outdoor convention
a man in a blue shirt is playing tennis
There is a little bird sitting on the back of the chair.
an elephant with three people riding on it and some bushes
A person sitting on a bench, looking at a field and skyline.
A woman with a shopping back sitting on a bench outside of a store.
The two teams are running after the soccer ball. 
That piece of cake will soon be eaten by the little girl.
A man sits on a white wrought iron park bench in the city square. 
A man holding a tennis racquet next to a crowd of people.
A bench overlooking a marina where tall ships are moored
Empty wooden bench with piles of twigs in front of some parked cars.
A boy jumping over three skateboards while on his skateboard.
A wooden bench sits in the grass next to the ocean.
Man standing up to bat during a baseball game.
A cat is standing and looking forward underneath a bench where a woman is sleeping.
a number of baseball players on a field 
A woman in a colorful headscarf sits eating on a bench surrounded by pigeons. 
A fire hydrant next to a pole on the sidewalk. 
Little girl throwing a frisbee to another child on a field. 
a female soccer player running with a ball in her hands
Two people with skis ride a ski-lift on a snowy day.
AN OLD BENCH AND MIRROR ON DISPLAY AT A MUSEUM
A woman is standing on a tennis court holding a racket.
luggage sitting in a room next to two step stools. 
a person sits on a bench while looking as a body of water 
The bride and groom sit on the stone bench as pedestrians pass by.
The woman in the yellow dress is sitting beside the window
Young married couple preparing to cut white wedding cake.
There are four people sitting on a subway seat and two are looking at their phones.
There is a blue, orange and black bus picking up passengers
There are three people getting ready to play tennis.
A boy swinging a bat at a baseball game. 
two people sitting on a rock while holding onto umbrellas 
A birthday party with a cake is being held for a dog.
A wooden bench sitting underneath a window with bars.
The horse drawn carriage rides down the street near two large buildings. 
A woman on a horse jumping over a pole
A man performing a skateboard trick on a half pipe. 
Some people are skateboarding around some other people near a bench.
a wooden bench in the middle of a green park
A young child is holding some things and walking. 
A baseball batter playing baseball as others watch.
A woman with red hair is sitting on a bench.
Person in a black wetsuit and gorilla mask carrying a surfboard on a beach.
A multicolored train stopped at a passenger terminal.
A train driving down the train tracks next to houses.
Four People riding two elephants across the water.
Snow covers empty playground equipment and a single traffic cone.
A park bench near a lighthouse on a concrete path.
a single wood and metal bench siting on an empty sidewalk
A horse with a child on top is standing on a street.
A little boy next to a yellow fire hydrant.
Two small dining tables with food and drink on them.
Multiple skiers ski in the snow in what seems to be a competition
a bunch of cars on the road in a city 
A huge tree near a wooden fence on a sunny day.
A man jumping on the street during the daytime.
A doughnut shop sits on a corner with traffic lights.
Six women wearing tennis outfits sitting on a bench and standing with an award plaque. 
A man in a wheelchair has another man on a skateboard right behind him on a street.
soccer players try to kick the ball during the game
A bicycle near a sidewalk on a street. 
man and woman on a bench in front of water
a guy that is jumping his skateboard over something
A young man is shown using a cell phone.
A dog wearing a harness is drinking out of a coffee pot with a cat sitting on top of him
Two police officers ride on horseback on the dusty road.
A skateboarder is skating down a path lane.
A train track with a green caboose car and a silver and yellow train.
Two people sitting at a table with food. 
A little bird is sitting on a park bench.
A well dressed man waits in a garden.
A man sitting on the bench talking on his phone.
A cat looks at the camera from under a bench
A person that is dressed up in a dress.
A lady tennis player is in mid air to return the ball.
A sculpture of Ben Franklin is sitting on a bench.
A youngster swinging a bat attempting to hit a ball.
People in a park by a pond with swans and ducks.
A woman sitting on a wood bench near a brick building. 
A male tennis player engaged in the act of serving.
Several motor scooters that are parked together outside. 
The batter is getting ready to hit the ball.
Bird perched on park bench looking toward foliage. 
A couple of people are sitting on a bench
Several people on a baseball team in the locker room.
A female tennis player preparing to hit a ball
a wooden dock that is in a body of water
A green and purple bus stopped at a bus terminal on the street.
A man in red jersey throwing a baseball on field.
a bench sitting on a platform between two passenger trains
a bathroom with a tub and a mirror in it 
A couple of guys are sleeping on benches.
a work truck is stopped at a stop sign
An old man and a lady sitting by a cute small dog.
A park offers fresh air and a place to perch while reading or interacting with a phone. 
A blue book sits on an old crooked bench,.
a man loading a bulldozer onto a car hauler 
A man and a woman pose for a photo on a park bench.
A large bird is sitting on a park bench.
a person on a skate board does a trick on a ramp 
Looking down at a bench and chair against a brick wall
A bench is sitting by a forest covered in snow.
A green swing bench has a view of the city. 
an image of a woman on the court about to serve tennis ball
A black and white photo of a man on a bench
A train at a train station with several people walking around. 
A baseball player standing on top of a field.
A park bench covered in snow near a small monument with a river and woods in the background.
A black and white photo of a skateboarder on a skateboard ramp.
A man riding a skateboard down a curvy street.
A life-size sculpture of Ben Franklin on a bench 
Classic baseball player posing with bats on his shoulder.
An open grassy field on the shores of a body of water
Sun shines on a path and bench in the forest. 
A baby in his diaper on the back porch.
A man talks on a mobile phone in front of trees decorated with lights.
There are three people sitting on a bench and a girl standing
A group of people walking on a street with umbrellas.
A skateboarder performing tricks on an outdoor ramp.
A batter is getting ready for the pitch at a baseball game.
A wooden picnic table sitting in the woods.
A young toddler has found her self trapped in a suit case.
The batter is wearing 2 different shoes and sock.
A train pulling into a station with buildings
An empty red bench in an overgrown garden.
a red tram is moving down a tracck
A woman sitting on a wall next to bike holding a laptop.
Black and white image of several parked bikes lined in front of street sign.
The metro bus is stopped on the street, and the luggage compartment door is ajar.
Man sitting on old wooden bench giving a ball to a dog.
Families are getting ready to take rides on separate elephants. 
Two boats parked in a marina on a sunny day.
A  building with a line of benches outside
Bike rider navigates a beach side road past a stop sign.
A woman sits on a bench in a park.
A red bus travels down a one way city street
A man sitting on a wooden bench playing a guitar in a park.
a number of people riding skate boards  on a city street
A blue truck driving down a road next to a tent.
Someone holding on to a dog collar while the dog has a frisbee in his mouth
A sleek silver train on the tracks at the station.
A girl sits on top of a large elephant statue.
Man and woman cuddling on a bench along a series of many trees.
A baseball player prepares to swing as a pitcher throws the ball. 
THERE IS A PIZZA ON THE TABLE AND CUPS OF DRINKS
A cat sits on a bench next to a building. 
A big cat is walking down the road next to a bench. 
A baseball player in a red shirt is holding a baseball bat.
People are walking on the street on a rainy day.
A woman is sitting back on a bench wearing a pair of sunglasses.
An old bench sitting in someones yard next to plants.
Three people, a baby and a dog are on the bench.
Tables are lined up under umbrellas by a pool. 
a man on his lap top on a bench
A brick sidewalk of various colored bricks next to a street with cars driving on it.
The sheep walks near a trail leading to a house. 
Three empty wineglasses are all that remain from this outdoor gathering of friends
A street is clear of cars, but the parking lots of the businesses are full.
A red bench sits unoccupied as a person stands on a beach in the sunset.
Several wooden cages with white cloth tops and sides.
A walkway along a river that looks out at a bridge.
A market with vegetables and fruits for sale.
A man is jumping over a skate ramp with his skate board
A bus is parked and waiting on passengers 
A child in a park chewing on a cell phone.
an electronic cross walk with buildings in the back ground
A woman in white shirt and black skirt playing tennis.
A park that contains a row of benches along a walkway.
A old fashinoned bus moving down the street .
a lady that is sitting on a park bench
A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.
A few kids sit at a bench ith a frisbee
The crowd at the baseball game watch the pitch.
A group of people sitting next to each other on a bench.
A tennis player plays on a grass tennis court.
A abandoned refrigerator in an old abandoned building.
People walking along a riverside park with benches
A batter is striking out at a baseball game.
Man in Santa hat holding a large teddy bear.
An attractive long lady bending over to pet a baby elephant.
Two young girls eating slices of slightly burnt pizza.
A man standing on top of a tennis court holding a racquet.
BIRD SITTING ON TOP OF BENCH, IN A COURTYARD
Two girls are attempting to take possession of a soccer ball in a game.
a few vehicles stopped at a traffic light
a dog is runnign around in a large field
a man and woman sitting on a bench
a male and female sitting on a bench water and grass
Boy pointing at a man sitting in front of a partially eaten plate of food with a drink in front.
A child on bench sticking out her tongue.
A railway engine at the platform of a large metal station
The motorcycle is blue with chrome parts. 
Two people sitting on a park bench near the water.
A couple of people sitting on a train station platform.
Two wooden benches in front of a brick building.
A piece of fabric on a concrete area with benches nearby.
Two men talking, one on a scooter and one on a skateboard.
A group of young people skate boarding on some ramps.
Several handmade surfboards line up along a wood fence.
People are riding a bus with beds in it
A wooden bench is surrounded by pink flowers.
A very old wooden bench is surrounded by plants and woods. 
A young boy sitting on a bench beside his dogs. 
A woman sitting on a bench next to a graffiti covered building.
A cartoon of a man and woman sitting at a park bench.
A young man playing a game while others look on from a park bench.
A covered walkway illuminated by yellow lights in a city.
A passenger bus with two levels making a turn.
A man is sitting on a bench, taking in the city.
A group of benches sitting in the middle of a forest.
Human shaped sculptures are in different places in a plaza.
A man playing tennis on a tennis court 
A large group of people enjoy riding many elephants.
A women is serving at a tennis match. 
A baseball game in progress, the batter ready to swing at the ball.
A man sitting down with ear phones on using his cell phone. 
a delivery truck and a couple of bikes 
The group of people are sitting on the benches by the water. 
People in the luggage claim area of an airport.
A woman in a tennis match getting ready to hit the ball.
A dog sitting on a bench outside a shop.
Man with backpack and skateboard on bench in terminal
A couple of men standing next to each other.
A young man and woman are walking across a grassy area while barefooted under and umbrella.
a group of people wearing skis on a snowy surface
A picture of people sitting on a bench.
very many boats parked at the sea shore
There is a pool that is in the ground 
A park landscape with a hammock by a tree
a double deckered bus on a narrow road
some benches sitting close to the water 
a boy in a red shirt is playing tennis
A small concrete wall ,ext to some seats besides the ocean.
a dog that is jumping up to catch a frizbee
A baseball player gets ready to swing at a ball.
there is a close up view of several benches
A brown stuffed animal holding a round plastic disc.
People and children with a dog near a train.
A handful of young skateboarders take a break in the skate park.
Street scene with bus stop and people waiting.
a van parked outside of a gas station
there are many stuffed animals sitting at a table
A man is sitting on a bench near a bike looking at the water.
people on a table at the beach eating 
a group of people that is posing for a picture with snowboard.
Double decker bus parked at a bus stop on retail street.
A man sliding into a home plate of a baseball field.
A bench covered in crochet and knitted pieces.
A city filled with tall buildings under a gray sky.
A baseball player is about to swing at a pitch. 
A boy walking with a Frisbee in his hand .
A catcher in a little league game waits for a pitch.
two black and white steers some people and trees
A sign extending over both sides of a city street that reads "NORTH PARK".
a food wagon with its own picnic table
A male tennis player jumping in the air to reach a ball.
Fans watch as a baseball player steps up to the plate.
two people sitting on a bench talking behind street signs
A boy is sitting on a skateboard in a parking lot.
Two birds are sitting on a park bench in a grassy field.
two children pouring liquid on a ball player
Two children are sitting on a raspberry colored bench. 
Two men in a grassy park playing frisbee.
A man and a dog standing in front of a house.
A variety of street signs, near an outdoor cafe.
A young girl is holding the reins to a small horse.
A person sits on a bench and holds up a hand.
Older man and woman sitting on benches in a black and white photo.
A man in sunglasses standing next to a table filled with food.
A small elephant takes a walk down a sandy path.
A girl plays in a water spout in front of a library as people sit nearby. 
A boy swings a baseball bat on an old grass field
a woman wearing a purple jacket her laptop and bicycle
A cat laying comfortably on a fence rail
A bus parked next to curb near buildings and trees.
The young man is going to serve the ball.
Two people riding on top of an elephant.
An older man sitting on a bench near a marshy area.
A black and white photo of a man talking on a cell phone next to a bench.
A black metal park bench is covered in snow.
The four men are all holding tennis rackets.
A couple and their child sitting on a long gray bench.
A woman is sitting at lunch enjoying a sandwich.
A woman sitting in a chair with a purse in her lap.
Black and white photograph of a couple on a park bench
a church with a table and chairs behind the pews 
A vry small boy with a disc near a table.
A fire hydrant with a sign posted next to it that reads "Pet Rest Area".
A man is on a public phone near a public bench.
A baseball player at home base getting ready to bat
A person riding along an elevated ledge on a skateboard in a park.
A man pushing a little child along on a skateboard.
A cat sitting on a wooden bench on a sidewalk. 
A sign that reads saxon street between two wooden benches
a big yellow bus that is going down the road
A long row of wood and wrought iron benches along a sidewalk.
Three pink umbrellas with trees and park benches and flowers everywhere.
A plant in a vase on a stone stand.
A group of people are playing ball on a field.
A girl practicing tennis on a tennis court.
There is an old tower building at the end of a street
A bench sitting in the grass in front of the water.
A young man in mid air action with a skate board.
a train on a train station and people walking near by
A young teenager is standing on his skateboard.
A fire hydrant and a wooden bench on a beach.
Altered photograph of a toddler in a baseball cap on a wooden bench
Three kids are sitting at a table and eating pizza.
Two park benches situated near a the edge of a cliff.
A bicycle is parked next to a small garden.
A book that is being held open by a laptop that is on top of a corner.
Curvy long ended designer bench sitting in a park.
Two people in a grass covered field playing catch with a frisbee.
A bathroom with a white bath tub sitting next to a sink.
An old wooden bench in nature surrounded by plants.
Commuter rail cars at indoor train depot area.
A red antique truck among other antique trucks
A wooden swinging bench in a grassy field with a river behind it.
A dog sniffs a concrete bench near a man in a snowy park.
A nighttime picture of a park with empty park benches.
The teddy bears are posed to sit at the toy picnic table. 
A couple in skis pose in front of a Trail Sign.
A cute stone bench sitting near a dead tree.
Some daisies are in a vase in front of a fern. 
A man sitting on a park bench by himself.
A couple of elephants carrying around people in carriages.
A view of a body of water and park underneath a bridge.
Two stone benches of equal length are next to a bench double in length in a grassy park on an overcast day.
Men sitting at a table with open pizza boxes eating pizza.
Three children sitting in the grass showing their toy cell phones.
a little pool with clear blue water close to the blue ocean
A man in a baseball uniform practicing swings.
Two bicycles chained to a fence next to a park bench on a winter day.
A photo of a beach and some shelter from the sun.
Group of sheep and mountain out front of old house.
Guy jumps up to hit the tennis ball on the court
a mom and her children sitting outside on a bench
The girl sitting on the bed and staring out of the window.
A bus on the side of the road broken down
A green bench sitting in a forest filled with leaves.
A man sitting on a bench and reading a book.
A gray cat sitting on a street bench.
Players that are walking on a baseball field between innings.
A two level bus stopping at a bus stop
A baseball player taking a swing at a baseball. 
Man in baseball uniform holding a bat and moving away front he plate. 
an older person in a field playing frisbee
a broken public bench stands on a city street
The young man is sitting on the bench alone. 
An elephant equipped with rustic seating in front of a residential area.
A bench is sitting alone in front of a pond.
a man in hat sits on a couch with his bicycle
A park bench that is next to the grass.
A female softball player swinging a bat at a ball.  
A clock sits on a post in a small town.
A couple sit together for lunch on a street bench
A building sitting underneath an over cast sky.
A couple of young men playing a game of baseball.
A small child sitting by themselves on a park bench.
Two young men in ties sit on a bench with a laptop.
A young man is holding two thumbs up in front of a plate of french fries.
A beach with various kits flying in the sky.
a woman playing with a baby elephant's trunk 
A bench sitting beside a window filled with greenery. 
a large clock on a tower indoors with people near by 
A bus stop with a slightly damaged bench.
A skier jumps a snow ramp adjacent to a ski lift.
There are empty park benches by a fence.
Park benches with water flooded and grass with buildings
A train pulling in to a train station where people are waiting.
A man in a park playing a throwing game.
a red and black bus is coming down the street
Several people are sitting on benches and walking around a fountain and plaza near some odd looking trees and buildings.
There is a woman petting a cat outside.
A couple sitting on a bench near a pond in fall.
A girl is smiling on a field holding a tennis racket.
A bottle of Corona beer sitting on a bench.
A man walks with a bag and a cane.
two tennis players on a court near one another
A bench with a long seat is near the grass and a fence.
A laptop is kept on the table.A person is sitting on other table.
A  group of elephants dressed in covers and umbrella's.
A man controls a kite while several people watch.
A tree lined street and walkway that has a wooden bench with the words "You're Almost There" on it.
An empty bench is shown with several childrens books on it.
The batter is surrounded on three sides by a cage.
A lot of people sitting around a table where food is being cooked.
A tall clock in a beautiful park setting
Several picnic tables are sit up in a row with Coca Cola umbrellas over them.
A pair of women walking through a lobby with several large umbrella's in the ceiling.
The two benches are sitting empty right now. 
An Amtrak train stopped at a station with people standing by it.
A cross country motorcyce on a dirt road.
Here is an image of an outside of an object.

A group of people who are waiting in an area.
A wooden bench on a sandy beach front.
Man sitting alone on a bench near a bike rack.
A small boy holding a baseball bat with others on the other side
a group of Adirondack chairs in a front yard
A man is sitting in a train station as a train moves by.
Several empty glass bottles standing on ground beneath blue bench.
A girl on a platform next to a passenger train.
A statue of a man in a suit holding up an umbrella.
A peaceful scene of a park bench sitting in a grassy meadow.
Dogs running in a rodeo, while people watch from the stands. 
A small child with a helmet pulling a skateboard behind them and other people skateboarding.
A black and white photo of two boys, a bicycle and a dog.
There is a red fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
there is a small white plane parked at a airport
People in a street with birds all over.
A man sitting alone on a bench on a chilly day
A man sitting outside with his motorcycle and dogs.
A boy in a baseball uniform about to throw a baseball.
A young boy rides a skate board on a skate board ramp.
a couple of people looking into a mini fridge for some drinks 
Park bench near tree during fall in open area.
A picture loaded with numerous things all inside. 

There is a woman standing on a porch holding a tennis racket
A man standing in a yard with lawn chairs in the background.
A man sitting on the ground on a cell phone.
The man is getting ready to eat his meal. 
THREE PEOPLE SITTING ON A BENCH IN FRONT OF A STREET.
A dark picture with a long wooden bench or table in it 
A colorful bird sitting on a wooden bench. 
Man and woman hikers sitting on rustic bench in front of a pond.
A man holding a baseball bat next to a  stand.
An indoor swimming pool with a blue ceiling.
A wooden park bench sitting in front of a window.
A wooden staircase outside of a brick building.
A park bench on a lonely, quiet street at night.
A woman with goggles and a cookie seated on a  bench
A cow nursing her calf in a street scene.
a large room with a bed on a boat
Back yard in the mountains with a picnic table covered in snow.
In a garden hangs picture frames with potted plants in them
He is hitting the baseball with the bat.
A view of a large clock next to a city park.
A cow resting on the side of the road.
two lines of benches covered in a lot of snow 
A group of children sits next to each other on a bench.
A boy and girl are sitting on a bench in the grass.
A man kicking a soccer ball across a green field.
Two friends are skateboarding down the street to their next destination.
a tree with a lot of pink flowers sitting next to a bench 
A stone bench is beside a road leading to the forest.
Small lean-to with covered seating in a garden path.
an image of a man on a skateboard doing tricks
The tall green bus is at the bus stop.
The batter stands ready to swing before a large crowd.
The men are playing a game of baseball on the field. 
A black and white photo of two women working in a factory.
A kite flying in the sky over a grassy hill.
A boy is jumping his skateboard over a trash can.
Two men squished on a bench with two large women.
A bench in a foggy patch of forest with fallen leaves.
Two men and a dog sitting on park bench with frisbees.
The bicycle rider is wearing a straw hat.
A park bench sitting on the shore of a pond near tall grass.
A group of seagulls sitting on a bench near a trash can.
This is an image of several kids playing soccer.
A man sitting on a bench on top of a snow covered hill.
A caucasian women in running clothes sits on a picnic table talking on a cellphone.
A skate park full of people having fun in a nice clear sky.  
A young man riding a river next to a bridge in a forest.
A man in jeans does a jump trick over a blue ramp.
Individual standing by a set of skis with a lodge in the background. 
A man sitting by himself reading a book on a bench. 
A clock affixed to a building on a city street.
A decorated elephant taxi transports people in a village
A man sitting on a bench with a cell phone.
Three children are sitting on a bench by the beach.
A store called Bedder Sleep, with a homeless man sleeping on a bench outside it.
Boy sitting on bench with an item in his hand.
A guy walks down a path near a clock tower. 
Large open cathedral with stained-glass windows in it. 
A young boy riding a skateboard across a parking lot.
A young boy in a baseball uniform ready to hit a pitch.
The child is sitting on the bench in the garden, one shoe off and one shoe on.
A large statue of a man in a courtyard in front of a large building with columns in front of it
a woman swings her tennis racket at a ball
A little kid is sitting on a blue bench
some wooden church pews pillars and flags and wall hanging
A train station with people and trains. 
A pictorial demonstration of a man unfolding a bench into a picnic style table. 
The well furnished room has checkered tile on the floor.
A man doing tricks on a skateboard outdoors in a city.
A blurry image of yellow flowers with a fence in the background.
A baseball batter skipping to evade an errant throw.
a crowd of people standing and sitting around in an airport terminal 
A red and grey train in train station during day.
A cat on a bench in a garden.
A large black dog standing on top of a grass park.
A park bench in grass by a tree and shrubbery.
A train station with a train at the platform.
A tattered book lays on a brown bench.
A man standing outside with an open umbrella. 
A man riding a skateboard across a lunch area.
A cat sitting on a park bench with a man sitting on a bench in the background
two men competing on a tennis court with a small audience
A group of girls leaning in for a picture by a bench.
A skateboarder hitting a trick on a half pipe with people watching.
A woman, two boys, and a girl sitting on a bench and smiling for the camera.
A couple of cats sitting down on the floor.
Beautiful flowers a blooming in foreground while a large body of water is in the background.
A person looking at an electronic device while sitting at an airport.
Kids at a skate park skate boarding in the daytime
A man is sitting down with his snowboard on his feet.
A couple of baseball players standing on a field near a base.
A bus stop bench on the side walk with surrounding traffic.
One swam in the middle of the water, as car pass over the bridge.
The inside view of a bus and its passengers.
a bench on a walkway next tot he ocean
a person sitting on a wooden bench at a playground 
A black and white photo of people in old automobiles and riding bicycles down a dirt road.
a park bench that is on some bricks
The young child is playing with a frisbee in the park.
Snow covers a blue chair near a fence and a swing.
The woman sits on a bench around a huge flock of pigeons. 
A woman in striped shirt petting an elephant.
A fountain with a sculpture in the middle.
A group of kids that are sitting around a table.
An old wooden bench by the water. 
a cat that is laying down on a bench outside
a blue boat parked in muddy waters at a dock with people in the background sitting at picnic tables
A group of people on a grass field.
Two Pug dogs setting on a green park bench wearing harnesses.
Two small children are eating from colorful plates.
Two children playing outside on a bench. 
a trash can sitting next to a payphone on a sidewalk 
Commuter train at a station that boasts a picnic table in the waiting area.
Person holding up two large pieces of pastries in their hands. 
A person sitting on a bench with a phone near a train.
A boy that is sitting next to a suitcase.
A small sink in a tan public restoom
A man riding a skateboard down a sidewalk
a man on a bike rides by some other people
A boy is riding a skateboard off of a ramp.
a fire hydrant sitting next to a street 
Children are outside and getting some exercise. 
A man serving himself pizza in a wooden booth
Three empty wood benches sitting in a woody area.
Two women are sitting on a park bench beside a pond.
A woman feeding an elephant by hand with a handler standing by.
Black and white image of a bench in a frorest.
A guy with a cap holding a blue surfboard.
A young skateboarder is doing a trick in the street.
A man is riding on a skateboard with four wheels.
A bench is shown on a path next to a tree.
Fancy passenger seating on an otherwise ordinary boat.
Two frames of a woman with a tennis racquet.
A woman in shorts, sitting on a motorcycle.
A man is playing with a frisbee in the grass.
A zebra drinks from a small pond in a wildlife exhibit.
a pair of shoes on a purple bench and some graffiti on a door
A child sits at an iron outdoor patio table decked out in Boston Red Sox gear and holds a hot dog.
Two men in black shirts doing tricks on skateboards.
Several black and white sheep near a sofa in a field.
A girl is playing with water near a playground.
A man is kneeling beneath a banana tree.
A crowd is watching a tennis game being played.
A brown dog laying on a concrete sidewalk.
Two parking meters nearly buried in heavy snow.
A guy is putting toothpaste on a toothbrush
A row of wooden benches line the side of a lake.
A man is swinging a bat at a baseball game
Ducks gather on the bank of a lake beside a pair of benches.
A large cathedral filled with lots of pews.
A man prepares to hit a baseball in front of a large audience.
the back view of a person sitting on a park bench
A large model ship and boats in the park
a woman posing on a bench in front of stony ruins
A stately, formal dining room from back in the day.
a person riding a skate board on a city side walk
A man and woman sitting on a bench eating.
A man in a grey suit stands in the grass. 
A sink is shown in front of a window.
A grey cat sitting in the sun in a windowsill. 
A wooden bench sitting next to a river.
Two people next to a bench at a dock above the water. 
A group of baseball players playing baseball on a field.
a line of park benches that are outside
A man wearing glasses feeding a giraffe in a cup.
A couple of people riding an elephant on a bench.
Two people sitting on a bench under a tree by a body of water.
Lounge chairs with the boardwalk to the beach.
A guy rides a skateboard down a concrete divider. 
A man is jumping while swinging a tennis racket, and the other man is ducking.
Three wooden benches positioned on a wooden boat dock.
A young man playing baseball swings at home plate.
a parking meter with a piece of paper on the front of it 
Two women chasing after a soccer ball on a field.

A couple of baseball players standing on top of a field.
A batter swings to hit the ball during a baseball game.
Flower gardens with sheep in center of circular display.
A police officer on a motorcycle by some cones.
A man taking a swing at tennis balls
A beach covered in lawn chairs covered in straw umbrellas.
A blonde woman is holding up her cell phone.
A man is riding a very large elephant that is eating grass. 
A train crossing beneath a city bridge with brick towers.
A man is standing in the middle of water rapids.
Three Texas baseball players walk by each other on the field.
A person sleeping on a bench on a busy street
Two men posing for a photo with their tennis rackets on the court.
A cat sitting on a chair in front of a book case.
 children's  playground equipment that looks like a train with a slide
Many children sit around wooden picnic tables eating pizza.
A dimly lit room has a brick fireplace.
A person holds up a snake in his hand.
People at an automotive shop that includes different types of vehicles.
The three chairs outside by the field are all empty.
A black and white photo of a young classroom. 
A guy on a motorcycle is going the opposite way as the traffic. 
There is a pink stuffed animal behind a piece of wood
A park bench is in the white fluffy snow.
The team watching action in the batting circle during baseball
A sheep in a trough surrounded by other sheep.
A man is doing tricks in a driveway on his skateboard.
a living room with a big long couch in the middle 
yellow lines painted on city street at night
A baseball player slides into base while the other player waits for the ball.
A statue sitting on top of a wooden bench.
Horses pull a carriage through a quaint street.
A bear relaxing on the ground in its enclosure.
a white cat a wooden bench and some pumpkins
A computer picture of a cat with a human body sitting next to a man in a dark suit on a bench while a black and white cat lays on the bench next to the man.
a woman is siting outside on a wood bench
Bike with metal basket near man lying on bench at beach.
A person laying down on a bench in front of a stone building.
A man in a tie in a picture with a tennis racket.
a guy standing on a skateboard by a bench 
A man standing on a field holding up a bat.
The tree is setting at the edge of the river bank.
A chair sitting next to a wooden platform in the middle of a field.
A black and white image of two men in a suite and tie and hats
A dual-shot of two young female tennis players. 
A man in brown shirt and pants next to a cow.
A scene of a wooded area with a bench in the background.
a wood bench against some green leaves and a tree
Skateboarder jumping over a rail in a basketball court. 
Blue backpack sitting on a green metal bench.
Male tennis player at the back of the court.
Three kids are playing catch in a field by a lake.
A sheep dog is herding three lambs across a field.
A young man in motion on a skate board in a park.
A wide sidewalk has a tiered tower with a clock toward the top.
A soccer game is in action as a player prepares to head but the ball.
A boy sitting on a bench, holding a skate board.
A double decker bus stopped beside a bench.
Women sitting on a white bench in the park while a baby is playing with the red stroller.
a bench next to a tree with trees in the background
many bears in captivity with a fake tree
A blue street sign with the words Merton st. is next to a white piece of artwork.
Three men sitting beside each other on a bench. 
A cat that is laying in the dirt.
An open living room with brown walls and beige carpeting
Some police officers on horses in the street.
The stadium audience watches a baseball batter at the plate.
a large haul van travels down the savannah
The sandwich is in half on the table next to pickle slices. 
Kid sits on the edge while another jumps over riding a skateboard
A wooden bench on top of many leaves.
A large elephant can be seen in an enclosure commonly seen at a zoo.
A group of people riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.
A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.
A blank and white photo of a woman in a fur coat sitting in the rain on a city bench with an umbrella.
Bench on a trail in a wooded area.
A red and blue small train is on the tracks.
An empty bench in front of a building.
The man is para sailing on the lake. 
A man swinging a baseball bat at a ball on a field.
A man sitting on a picnic bench in a field.
A man in a red jacket and cap uniform, with musical instruments strapped to him.
a flooded park bench and light pole behind a cluster of trees
A man is doing a skateboard trick on cement.
A woman with an umbrella sits on a bench.
A baseball player swings a bat at a baseball.
a  pizza pie in a box on a wooden table surrounded by napkins and glass of water.
A row of park benches line a paved path through shaded park.
A tree with colorful fall leaves on it.
A kid tries to do a skateboard trick on a cement ledge
A woman sits at a bench near her parked bicycle.
The lights and sights of a busy, populated city in Asia.
A dramatic cathedral with vaulted ceilings decorated with trees.
An elderly man plays with a Nintendo Wii during Christmas
a multicolored and old chair made out of different cases
People in backyard with picnic table and grilled hot dogs. 
This is a picture of a man sleeping on a park bench.
A red, white, blue, and silver train at a station.
A young girl holding up a small white object.
A pink faded fire hydrant with dirty water coming out of it.
An older man sitting on a park bench looking at a sheep
people sitting around watching a baseball game 
Two tennis players are playing in a match.
An attractive young woman walking down a sidewalk while talking on a cell phone.
A tennis player gets ready to serve the ball.
A hot dog next to a bottle of water on a table. 
A woman texts on her phone while sitting on a bench.
A slide designed to look like an elephants trunk.
People look on as a cow walks around indoors. 
An article includes two pictures of male skateboarders.
a little league player standing while holding a bat
The serious look on his face denotes an important appointment.
A man checks a set of luggage at the station. 
A person is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
Two black park benches on a cement surface.
A park bench next to a large tree.
A person in white shoes standing on a wooden picnic bench.
A bird is perched on a park bench.
A black and white picture of two men straddling a park bench
A city street lined with tables and benches to eat
mirror is reflecting people on tour under the cloudy sky and isolated beach
People are standing in a room looking at a television screen.
People crossing a swamp in the middle of a bunch of brush.
A bench in a park piled with bags and luggage
A group of children playing a game of soccer on grassy field.
A bull statue has wheels and a shopping cart in the middle.
Two people wearing protective helmets are sitting on a motorcycle.
A man that is sitting down playing an instrument.
An old photograph of a smiling boy in high leather boots and a wool coat.
A young woman winds up to kick a soccer ball as an opponent watches.
Buses and cars parked outside of a tall monument.
two people on a park bench overlooking a river
Sitting on a bench looking out over the lake is a great way to relax.
A flock of birds eating below a bench.
A couple sitting on a bench with arms around each other
A skateboarder leaping in the air above a low rail. 
A train coming out of an tunnel of a city.
A stuffed doll made from socks is on a wooden bench.
A dog is sitting on a bench by corn and hay.
A woman holds a badminton racket in a park.
A church sign is standing on a lawn.
An iron sculpture of a grizzly bear seated on a bench 
A baseball player getting ready to hit the ball.
A modern looking house has a courtyard of wooden benches.
The monument is a man with crossed legs working on a laptop.
a man with a beard and red hat is sitting on a bench
A CD case is sitting on a bench.
A young baseball player is swinging at a pitch.
a few people that has a camera in hand
A grand window allows for a sunlit room with a full outside view.
Young adult male in shorts surfing in a river while friends watch
A picture on the wall at a church with pews. 
An elderly couple and a young boy feeding pigeons.
A young person sitting at a desk sending a text message..
Two women play softball, one is holding a bat and the other has a helmet and a glove.
View of a giant table and chair off in the distance.
A man is riding his skateboard on the pavement
A football player sitting on a bench at a game.
Jogging couple resting on benches at the pier across the city view
a woman rides on a bike down a street 
Two pumpkins outside of a brick building 
The red bike is parked near people standing around drinking. 
Two children trying to get on a ski lift.
a suit case sits in front of a train door 
some people sitting on a bench some water and buildings
A man is sitting on a bench with two pieces of luggage sitting next to him.
A CHILD HOLDING AN UMBRELLA WHILE TWO MEN WATCHING HIM
a couple of dogs that are playing with a freez be
HOMEMADE PIZZA OUTSIDE AT A CAMPSITE WITH A KNIFE STUCK THROUGH IT
A man holding a frisbee in a park in front of a tent
nine boats docked at a marina with old buildings in the background.
two people sitting on a park bench on a cold day
A horse carrying a carriage getting a drink of water.
A memorial is displayed, surrounded by tiny USA flags.
People are on the lawn enjoying the park situated in front of a tourist spot.
a pink bench with some bags on top and a tennis racket in the back
A woman hitting a tennis ball during a professional match. 
an empty bench next to a busy street.
A large building with a clock tower on a tree lined street.
A coupe of people standing on a tennis court.
A batter gets ready to swing at the ball.
A lift on a snowy hill bordered by image of film roll.
A ski boarder is airborne on a snow covered slope.
A large sandwich sits on a plate in front of a man sipping coffee. 
A man sits at the wheel of his boat in a canal.
a man on a skateboard performs a trick using a railing
A metal park bench sitting on a slap of cement next to a lush green park.
Black and white photo of cafe tables overlooking water.
A couple of train cars facing each other.
Three women are sitting on a bench near the beach.
Three teenagers are riding skateboards next to each other.
A tall brick building with a clock on it's side.
A young boy riding on a platform on the back of an elephant.
A group of people standing next to each other holding surfboards.
A park bench is beside the street opposite a parked car.
A wooden bench next to some flowers and bushes.
A smiling guy playing with a disc in the grass.
A young boy is batting at a baseball game.
a man swinging his bat at a ball that has been pitched to him
Two men playing a game of soccer on a grass field.
a person sitting on a bench with a luggage bag near by
The ground and bench are covered with snow.
Two decorative barrel planters sit next to a picnic table.
a boy is doing a trick on a skateboard
A couple is sitting outside using their laptops.
A small dog wearing a leash pants on a bench.  
One woman waits for bus and the other prepares for her bicycle ride.
A batter is preparing to swing at a ball on the field.
The elevated metro train passes over a parking lot. 
Two kites are in the air and one is on the snow covered ground.
A man playing tennis in the middle of a serve.
A close up of a coffee sign under a stop light.
A man reads a paper while resting on a bench.
The bench in the flower garden is empty.
There are many birds on and around the bench.
A man in a hat holding a coffee is sitting on a bench with a woman wearing a hat.
A male baseball player swings his bat forecfully.
A group of people sitting on top of a bench.
a bunch of birds are standing by a bench
An open-air festival in India with umbrellas, women in saris, and an ascetic. 
A single person walks on the sidewalk holding an umbrella in the rain.
a brown dog seated outside a building besides a bench
Two dogs lying next to each other on a bed.
A city bus driving under a canopy on a city street.
A cat is jumping from a picnic table in front of a home.
A black and white image of a bench against a wall.
Three people sit on a wooden bench overlooking a woody hillside.
Some wooden benches are in the middle of the forest.
A woman eating a sandwich on a bench near the street.
The ball player is hitting the base ball.
A park bench next to a multi colored fence.
a church at night with the porch light on
Two guys play as a team in doubles tennis as a spectator watches.
A man is sitting on a cement bench reading a book.
A blue bench and a flowering bush, in front of a stone wall.
An Asian lady in a red dress petting a small elephant at a zoo.
A woman with a large lei walks away smiling from an elephant ride.
A woman with sunglasses playing tennis on a hard surface tennis court.
A crowd behind a fence watching children play baseball.
a woman sitting on a bench looking of into the distance 
A man wearing glasses, a scarf, and skirt is riding a skateboard.
Baseball player in an orange shirt holding a baseball bat.
A cat sleeping on top of a wooden park bench.
Black and white photo of skaterboarder in air over pile of gravel
A person in a boat loaded with fresh fruit.
THE PEOPLE  IN WHITE ARE SHOWING THERE COWS
A backyard bench has a garden hose on it.
 A railroad train pulling up to the train platform
A group of people sitting at a picnic table talking.
Outdoor wooden bench in front of a lake.
A man jumping a skateboard over a cement bench.
A man sitting on a bench in a museum.
This must be where they repair the train engines.
Several people sitting on a long bench and one person standing next to it.
The large single engine plane is leaving the runway.
A man in several black and white poses and one color sits on a park bench in the grass.
A cat laying on top of a wooden bench.
An bunch of kids posing in rows for a photograph.
Four boys on a bench waiting to bat at a baseball game.
a cat sitting up on a wooden bench
View from the stands of sparsely attended tennis match
A group of elephants are held back by wooden posts.
A nicely dressed couple sitting around a park bench.
Baseball players playing ball during a practice session.
mmm mmm mmm mm mm mmm  m m m mm m
A woman in a red dress with a black handbag standing on the street while holding a cell phone to her ear.
A cat with a concerned look sitting on a bench.
A baseball player hitting a ball with a bat.
BENCH OVERLOOKING SNOW CAPPED MOUNTAINS AND GREEN WATERS
Some bananas are hanging at a fruit market
A person sitting on a wooden bench outside.
Two men who are standing in the snow, waiting for a train.
Tourists riding in baskets on the backs of elephants.
an image of a church choir singing in auditorium
Two men and a woman sitting on a park bench.
A woman is sitting at a table and she has her cigarette lit and looking at her cell phone.
A distant shot of a man on the tennis field while people look on. 
An outdoor park area with a bench that has a man laying on his back and sleeping.
A baseball player swings his bat at a game. 
The wooden bench by the building is empty.
View of a bench seated near rocks and bushes.
Green public park with large trees, bench and rotunda
A man about to perform a trick using a Frisbee.
a broken bench some tall grass some bushes and trees
a yellow red and silver train on its track and some wires
A row of park benches sitting beside a sidewalk.
A group of people sit on and near a park bench.
A man swinging a baseball bat on a field.
People sitting at picnic tables and flying kites at a park.
The boy jumps his skateboard onto the bench.
A small white bench on the lawn of a house.
Wooden bench with a large lake in the background.
A black cat sits on a green bench in a narrow alley.
a couple of people are sitting on a wood bench by a lake
Man riding a skate board very low to the ground
The man is setting on a chair watching the kites.
Woman sitting at a bench with three people facing in the opposite direction.
A lake that has many trees around it with one bench. 
lady in the jacket is sitting on the concrete bench smiling.
A median strip in the middle of a city street.
A young person playing baseball, holding a bat in the batters box.
A picture of the rear of cars at a traffic light.
A girl in green dress with gown and arrow on concrete bench.
A young boy smiles while holding yellow balls.
A woman in a defensive stance with a tennis racquet on a court.
A group of people in a market buying foodstuffs
Red bus and various cars in the middle of a street.
a group of guys playing dodge ball going for the balls
a person walking a dog on a leash 
A group of people waiting around a transit bus.
A photo of a wooden bench underneath a tree.
A man with a drink, a book and a bag sits reading on a bench that rests close by an urn with a shrub and the brick facade of a building. 
Read Clocktower on the side of a water body. 
Old style wooden outdoor bench on mowed lawn in front of a lake and mountain view.
The skier is enjoying the snowy mountains on the picnic table..
Two men sitting on a  park bench in the sun
A woman carrying a skateboard and book bag walks down the street.
A baseball player holding a baseball bat over his shoulder while at bat.
a train steadily moving across the train tracks
A pitcher throwing a baseball with a mitt in his other hand.
An elephant adorned with decorations waits behind a fence.
A sign that is in the middle of the street.
The student desks in this classroom are empty. 
a line of bikes that are next to the road
A train is pulled up to a boarding station.
A man sitting on a bench in the park. 
Two people are riding on top of an elephant.
The group of people are gathering together in the yard. 
Baseball scene showing rear view of batter, catcher and umpire.
A tree lined walkway with a garden bench.
A person riding a skateboard by some benches.
Boy on a baseball diamond practicing hitting baseballs.
an elephant with a yellow and red chair on its back
A very large mountain range covered in white snow.
a child sitting on a tiny bench while holding a stuffed animal.
A guy on a skate board at the top of a ramp.
a man running on a baseball field in front of a crowd of people
The lady is looking at the boats in the water.
A runner trying to slide into home plate past the catcher.
a young woman sitting on a bench and reading a book
A bus waits with its front door open.
People walking past buildings and trucks on a cloudy day.
The one that is knelling in the catcher.
A family rides on a large elephant through the jungle.
A man is standing near some cars and a bench.
A stadium full of people are watching a baseball game.
A motorcycle is parked in front of a door and window.
A woman sitting on a bench in a park
A tennis player waits for the ball to be hit to him.
A woman sitting on a bench in a wooded area.
two young men play with a Frisbee, throwing it at each other in a picnic area
A man in suspenders sitting on a bench with an umbrella.
A woman is cutting paper on a park bench.
A man sitting alone on a park bench.
a close up of a train on a track
A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.
A male tennis player in the middle of hitting a ball.
Floor level view of woman with dark stockings and high heeled boots in crowd.
A group of men sit on a bench outside.
The audience watches a pitcher delivering a pitch.
A couple of trains parked next to each other.
A stuffed bear sits on a park bench
A wooden bench sitting near high grass and flowers.
A white bench has shadows on it and is next to a door. 
there is a man that has jumped in the air to catch a frisbee
Several birds flying near the ground beside trees.
A boardwalk in between hotels and the beach.
A big guy posing next to a building.
A camping area with a man next to a barbecue grill and two motorcycles parked on the dirt.
Three people sitting on a bench and admiring the mountain view.
People are riding an elephant through a river.
a number of people walking near a tree with open umbrellas 
The cat walked through the doorway to enter the house.
A picnic beach is seen in front of the mountains.
A man sitting at a bunch watching a jumbo jet in a playground.
Many old luggage suitcases are stacked against a brick wall.
A bench is in the middle of green overgrowth.
An aerial photo of a parking lot with buses, cars and motorcycles.
A ferry with three passengers sitting under an umbrella on a bench on a deck.
Beach scene with an umbrella, chair, and other items close to the beach. 
Someone lying on a bench near a volley bowl field. 
A person on a skateboard does a trick in the bowl.
A man on skis jumping off a snow ramp.
A dirt walkway between a long row of shrubs and a bench at the end.
A bench next to a lamp post on a cobble stone street.
A man walking after catching a frisbee during a game. 
A beach area with life preserver, umbrellas and chairs.
The building's tall pinnacle reached high in the sky above the crowded street below.
Children with green leaves feeding a giraffe in an enclosure.
A man and woman sitting under an umbrella.
Bench at a beach partly covered with storm-tossed rocks.
a close up of a wooden bench near a building
one leg showing wearing a white slip on shoe
There are some children playing a soccer game
A person chasing their red kite through a park.
A woman sits on a beach looking at the ocean under an umbrella. 
they is a baseball game going and lots of people are in the stands
A garden bench, with the seat made of multicolored tiles depicting a lizard.
A man and a woman walking arm and arm while he holds a cell phone. 
A man standing on a bench at the end of a pier.
A view of a bench with a building behind it. The picture looks to be filtered. 
there is a man wearing a white shirt playing with a frisbee
A row of  benches along a sidewalk is getting wet in the rain.
A group of people on a court playing tennis.
A tennis player taking a swing at a ball
A white slat bench bolted to tiled sidewalk, with the bench's middle seat slat spiral curled up to one end, with brick road and residential buildings in background.
A girl is seated on a bench and looks at boats on the water.
Two people sit on a bench beside a giraffe.
Some guy playing tennis at wimbeldon in front of a crowd.
A family eats in front of an amusement park.
A female tennis player stands with her racket in hand. 
 A young female Tennis player is about to grab the ball. 
People with umbrellas sitting on benches in the rain. 
People are standing by a small passenger train.
Two benches near trees and a metal cover over that area. 
A woman is sitting on a bench and talking on a phone.
A park bench decorated with flowers sits by a grassy field.
A basement with a hot water heater filled with buckets.
A dog is on the grass with a large stick.
A wood bench sits on a city sidewalk
a woman in a pink jacket is sitting on a gray bench 
An airport luggage cart is loaded up with suitcases.
this is some chidren playing a baseball game
A pretty young lady sitting on top of a bench.
A man is standing in the door of the train.
Men on skateboards with poles on a trail. 
Woman sitting on straw and stroking a pony in a pink hat, and another pony is laying in the straw.
A man hitting a tennis ball with a racket.
A person riding a skateboard on a sidewalk in front of a house.
A man walking in the rain through a concrete siting area.
A young lady with a green bag is on her phone. 
A person with an umbrella walking in the rain
Black and white of two women sitting on a marble looking bench, one of them looking at camera, holding and eating a watermelon wedge, with another woman from back in a chair by the bench and someone sitting in the background, with low wall and trees.
A black bird on gravel by the grass and bench.
A group of children and adults seated at a picnic table. 
A batter swings at a ball in front of a large crowd.
A man in sunglasses and a short tie next to building.
A young man sits on a soccer field with his soccer ball
Beach chairs and an umbrella sit in the sun by the beach.
An elephant curls his trunk in a fenced area. 
Two men next to each other holding racquets.
Girl dressed in a scouting uniform standing near a fence with her foot on a small cannon.
A cay laying on top of a white bench in a room.
Camp with make shift outdoor kitchen room 
Two friends taking a snack break from biking.
A person running down a tree lined path.
The frame of a bench is metal and the seat of the bench is wood.
A group of children are walking outside along a sidewalk with newspapers on the ground.
a close up of a small bird on a bench
A male performing skateboarding tricks on a skateboard ramp and stairs.
A row of motorcycles passing by person with video camera.
A wooden bench in the woods by a tree.
A little girl in a dress sitting on a small park bench.
A batter that is swinging his bat at a baseball game.
a man that is sitting on a blue park bench
A large red and white bus going down a road.
A herd of zebra standing on a dirty field next to a tree.
two children standing near on another in a field 
Two city buses parked next to the sidewalk.
A blue bike parked net to a wooden bench.
A man throws a baseball in front of a crowd.
An older couple sits on a bench and looks at art displayed in a market stall.
The young man races toward the yellow frisbee.
Two girls walking down the street under an umbrella
The wooden bench has metallic, circular arm rests.
A lone pigeon standing on a cobblestone street.

A park bench that is sitting underneath some trees.
a baseball player swinging a bat on a field 
The room has a Foosball table next to the sofas.
A baseball player at bat waiting for a pitch.
A person holding an umbrella sitting on the bench.  
People are looking at some motorcycles on display.
BLUE BENCH RESEMBLING A SURF BOARD NEAR THE PIER
Two horses are enjoying some cold water. 
A red double decker bus  with people boarding
Black and white photograph of a person playing tennis.
A woman sitting in a park with her dog next to her.
Boys riding skate boards around a skate park.
A woman sitting on a bench holding a hot dog
A man riding a motorcycle down a street.
Wooden bench sitting in the front of pink painted business.
A brown wooden bench that is next to a fence.
An orange and white cat perches atop a table next to a bed
a person laying on a bench in front of a fence
A bench is placed next to a tree in the grass.
A man holds a bat awaiting his turn in the batting cages.
