A person on snow skis going down a steep slope.
A man riding on a skateboard on top of a table.
a retail shop filled with all kinds of bicycles and a window
A man wearing a backpack walking by a passenger train.
A man looking at a truck carrying bicycles.
a lady wearing a red backpack and pulling a red suitcase 
A man in a white shirt holding an opened pink umbrella
Two pictures of a tent and a bus.
People standing next to an old fashioned locomotive.
A man in dark glasses is reaching to catch a baseball 
A group of people with skateboards next to a fence.
A pair of buildings from a very far away view.
The contents of a bag organized neatly onto a table. 
A ski patrol transporting an injured skier through deep snow.
two people pose in the snow with skis stuck in the ground
A woman pulls a suitcase on wheels on the ground.
A skier dressed in black skiing down a slope
a girl is riding her bike past a mural of a zebra
A man riding a motorcycle down a road.
a group of people standing near each other playing with small devices
A man in striped shirt sitting on a couch.
A boy is holding a body sign with a clock.
Two guys in wet suits and two surfboards 
Old green truck on roadway at intersection in large city.
A woman bending down to pat and kiss a sheep in a pen
A modern commuter bus and some passengers at a bus stop
A male skier is posing for the camera with ski gear
a person walking on a city street with a dog
These tourist people  are walking on a bridge.
a group of parked motor bikes sit on a gravel surface 
A skier with a backpack on skis down a snowy slope
a bus loading and unloading passengers in a parking lot
a small aircraft , truck, and people standing on the runway
A woman in shorts sitting on a step shading her eyes.
People wait with different kinds of luggage. 
The bicycle rider rides across the dark street while a car approaches.
A crowd of people flying kites near the capitol building.
A man with a backpack next to a train and a flower bed train.
a woman petting a pug that is resting on a dog bed in the street
A man and woman with large backpacks on skis in the snow.
A double decker safari bus driving through what appears to be a festival.
A group of people having a party on a beach.
A crowded downtown street in an Asian city.
The orange and grey cat is lying down on a black backpack. 
Sets of skis are sitting in the snow outside of a vehicle. 
A sidewalk lined with luggages, boxes and crates
A red bus on a street next to buildings.
A fork in the road of a busy city street with traffic 
a group of people standing next to each other with tennis rackets
People eating from food trucks near a commemorative archway
A clock is shown on the side of a building.